British venture capital firm i Group Plc on Thursday reported a rise in first half net asset value NAV per share and revenue profits but said it had been held back by continental Europe and a strong pound. i's NAV for the period rose to pence per share, from pence in the first half last year, while profit before tax rose to . million pounds million from . million. Its a pretty healthy increase. Its held back a bit by continental Europe...the markets have not been that good and there has also been the appreciation of sterling, Ewen Macpherson, i's chief executive said in an interview. Macpherson said a better indication of the group's performance was its British portfolio which had performed extremely well , reflected in an percent growth in revenue. There were still plenty of opportunities available, he said, with the sort of companies that i invested in doing very well. There had also been an improvement in general business confidence in Britain, which had improved for the fourth consecutive quarter, according to i's latest Enterprise Barometer survey. Of million pounds invested by i during the period, million was in Britain. Macpherson said the prospect of a general election in Britain by May , had resulted in a number of investment opportunities for i as some company founders or management teams decided to sell their corporate holdings while the tax regime remained clear. While the European performance had an impact on the NAV figure, the investment opportunities for i on the continent remained good, Macpherson said. Current pricing levels for small and medium sized European companies in which the group invests were very attractive . During the first half of the year, realisation of investments continued at an encouraging rate, with sales worth million pounds in Britain and some million pounds in continental Europe. Macpherson said the group had significant plans to expand in Europe and this was reflected in its decision to open an office in the German city of Duesseldorf in January. This regionalisation would also involve opening offices in three other German cities Hamburg, Munich and Stuttgart and the group also plans to extend its presence into the south of France. The group said it wanted to open its first office in Southeast Asia, in Singapore, early in . Macpherson said Asia was an exciting part of the world for investment capital and Singapore had been chosen as it was a good communication centre from which other parts of the region could be covered. He said the office would look at opportunities in Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand and Indonesia but not in China. . Pound 