European privatisations in could total a record billion, with the telecommunications and utilities sectors expected to dominate activity, U.S. investment bank J.P. Morgan said in a report on Monday. Compared with last year, we expect a significantly higher number of IPOs Initial Public Offerings ...Italy stands out as having the most ambitious privatisation programme, at close to billion, said Caroline Meroz, one the survey's authors. The report said in the run up to Economic and Monetary Union EMU , European governments may feel under increasing pressure to accelerate...privatisation programmes to place themselves on track to meet the Maastricht three percent deficit criterion . Proceeds could be used to reduce government's financial debt, although they cannot be taken into account when calculating the deficit. It said proceeds of European privatisations in totalled a record billion, a percent increase on the previous high in , bringing the total value of the European privatisation programme so far to billion. And the total estimate for the proceeds of privatisations through to the end of the century could total billion, according to the report, which was based on enterprises which governments have confirmed they plan to privatise. Meroz told Reuters that the utility sector had shown the greatest slippage on scheduled privatisations for with a completion rate of only percent, but that otherwise it had been a pretty good year . This had been fuelled by strong European equity markets which, excluding Britain, rose by percent over the year and also by the variety of small innovative deals such as share buy backs, Meroz said. Such buy backs could, Meroz said, be used by governments to dispose of residual holdings in companies during . The report said the energy sector accounted for a larger than expected portion of offerings while the privatisations of Deutsche Telekom and Italy's ENI together accounted for percent of proceeds . Demand for future offerings should be well suppored by growing domestic interest and J.P. Morgan forecasts that foreign tranches will be closer to percent than the percent take up by foreign investors expected in the past. The market has been able to absorb a lot of equities. We think the demand is there, Meroz said, adding there would be strong retail as well as institutional demand. Some of the major privatisations planned for which failed to see the light of day were included in the report's estimates but the rest may be cancelled or possibly postponed to much later years or may be carried out through alternative methods, such as private sales . But a lack of mix of new ideas, both in terms of sectors and the countries the privatisations hail from, could have a dampening effect on the market in , with privatised stocks seldom able to offer the upside of consumer recovery. 