Building materials, aluminium and sugar group CSR Ltd is expected to report on Monday a net profit before abnormals of between A million and A million for the six months to September , analysts said on Friday. On October , CSR said that its first half profit was likely to be percent lower, with the full year down by the same amount if the first half trend continued. Analysts have cut their year profit estimates for CSR after last month's profit warning. Annual forecasts now range between A million to A million, compared with around the A million level before the warning. CSR reported a nine percent fall in net profit before abnormals of A . million in the first half. Sean Cooney, a building materials analyst at ANZ Securities, forecast CSR to report a first half pre abnormals net profit of A . million. Cooney forecast CSR to report an annual net profit before abnornals of between A A million. Greg Burns at BZW Australia forecast A million for the half and A million for the year to March , . Mark Cotton, building materials analyst at Prudential Bache Securities, forecast CSR to report a pre abnormal net profit of A million for the half and A million for the year. Michael Brown at McIntosh Securities forecast a net profit before abnormals of A million for the half and around A million for the year. Brown has a hold recommendation on CSR. ABN AMRO Hoare Govett's building materials analyst Fabian Babich forecast CSR to report a pre abnornmal net profit between A million and A million for the half and about A million for the year. Analysts said the second half for the Sydney based group was cyclically lower than the first half, as the Australian housing industry slows over December and January for the holiday season. CSR said last month intense price competition and low volumes continued in the Australian building products market were some of the main reasons for the expected profit fall. It said in the United States its operation was achieving record profits, but the aluminium group which was a strong performer last year would achieve lower earnings in due to falling metal prices. It also said sugar profits for the year would be close to that achieved last year despite lower raw sugar prices. CSR reported a net profit after abnormals of A . million in , compared with A . million in . Analysts are forecasting CSR's profit to start to turnaround in the year, on the back of an improving domestic housing market in calendar . The local housing market has been in the doldrums since the end of . BZW's Burns said the housing market was still on for a turnaround in . Building approvals seem to be improving from where they were, housing affordability has improved immeasurably, all we need now is a bit of confidence, At . a.m. GMT , CSR shares were a cent down at A . . They have traded between A . and A . this year. Sydney Newsroom 