The News Corp Ltd is expected to meet the percent rise in net profit before abnormals for the year to June , , predicted by its chairman Rupert Murdoch last month, Australian media analysts said on Tuesday. They should do it easily, one Melbourne based analyst told Reuters after taking part in an analysts' conference call with News Corp following the release of its first quarter results. News Corp earlier reported a lower than expected net profit before abnormals of A million for the three months to September , slightly up from A million a year earlier. Analysts had forecast net profit before abnormal items would be around A million, up around percent. They said News Corp's results in Australian currency were hit by poor U.S. television results and a stronger local dollar. In U.S. dollar terms, News Corp operating income was seven percent higher in the first quarter. The analysts said Murdoch's percent profit lift forecast was in U.S. dollar terms. They said that growth is still on for in excess of percent and that is in U.S. dollar terms, another Melbourne based analyst said. She said News' Fox Broadcasting U.S. TV network results should start to improve in the second quarter. I think you will find that there is more disappointment from the Australian viewpoint than the U.S. viewpoint, the second Melbourne analyst said. I imagine there won't be too much of a downgrade with respect to people's full year forecasts, she said. Basically, what News has said is 'the first quarter was a bit disappointing but you are still going to get your growth for the year', she said after taking part in the conference call. The film, television, publishing and newspaper conglomerate reported a six percent fall in pre abnormals net profit to A . million for the year to June , . News Corp's net profit before abnormals and preference dividends is seen rising to around A . billion in according to the Barcep survey of analysts by BZW Australia. The second Melbourne analyst said the second quarter is traditionally a stronger quarter for Fox Broadcasting and is likely to get a boost from the baseball World Series finals. There is definitely room for recovery from the one off things in this quarter if they don't then they have got problems, she said. The second quarter is by far their biggest quarter and you wouldn't want to see any problems, she said. Analysts said the first quarter is also likely to be the quarter most affected by the stronger Australian dollar, which had averaged US . in the first quarter, compared with US . a year earlier. They said that in the rest of , the Australian dollar was mainly around US . . The local unit is currently worth about US . . News has percent of its sales in U.S. dollars. The first Melbourne analyst said News Corp had leverage to earnings growth in its publishing related businesses, newspapers, book publishing and magazines which account for percent of earnings, following the fall in newsprint prices. The first Melbourne analyst said he is forecasting News Corp to report a net profit before abnormals of A . billion in . However, one Sydney analyst said he would be likely to cut his full year forecast from A . billion, excluding abnormals and before preference dividends. I can see myself shaving that back to about the A , million mark, he said. At . p.m. GMT , News Corp shares were cents or . percent lower at A . with just over . million shares traded, wiping over A million off its market capitalisation. Sydney newsroom 