Building products and energy group Boral Ltd said on Monday it had started the year poorly due to continued weakness in the Australian housing market, but it was still coy about the results for the full year. Chairman Peter Cottrell told shareholders at the annual meeting that Boral's operating profit in the first four months of the current year was in line with budget, but about percent below year ago levels. Cottrell gave no figures, but said the first half earnings would be above the second half of . In summary, operating profit for the first four months is in line with budget and around percent behind last year, Cottrell said. Happily, this indicates that the half year profit will be substantially above the extremely disappointing result in the second half of last year. He said most forecasters expected a recovery in demand for home building materials in the second half and this, along with recent interest rate cuts, should give the economy a boost. In this context, we expect that the second half profit should be well above the same period in . Boral reported a percent fall in its net profit to A . million. Sales fell to A . billion in the year to June , from A . billion a year earlier. One analyst at the Boral meeting said the first four month profit result indicated that the group was currently looking at a flat annual profit for . Cottrell said shareholders would receive a . cents per share dividend payment for the six months ended December , , the same amount paid in the second half of . ...current levels of trading enable the directors to anticipate that the company will be able to maintain the . cents rate for the interim dividend, Cottrell said. Boral cut its second half to . cents a share, from . cents a share, due to the percent fall in net profit to A . million in the year to June , . Boral's total dividend for fell to cents a share from cents a year earlier. The meeting was adjourned for two hours after Cottrell called a poll to amend Boral's articles of association giving Boral the authority to issue converting preference shares. Cottrell said . percent of the shareholders who voted approved the issue. Only percent of shareholders voted. Managing director Tony Berg told reporters after the meeting that Boral would issue converting preference share for potential acquisitions, but neither a purchase or an issue was planned. Cottrell said Boral was reviewing its European assets following poor financial performances from the operations there. There is a review of the assets at present, some assets have been sold off in the U.K., we are looking hard at those in mainland Europe, primarily Germany, Cottrell said. However, after the meeting, referring to the European operations, Berg said We are about to implement strategies that would result in a good return for shareholders. Profits from Boral's European businesses fell . percent to A million in , while sales fell . percent to A million. Cottrell and Berg were grilled by shareholders over the group's overall financial performance and its timber logging and woodchipping activities and were faced by environmental protesters outside the hotel where Boral held its meeting. Berg also said Boral was on target to deliver more than A million in savings in the year and that Boral was ahead of budget for the first quarter with savings of over A million being achieved. Sydney newsroom 