Buildings materials group James Hardie Industries Ltd is expected to report on Friday a net profit before abnormals of between A million and A million for the six months ended September , . James Hardie reported a pre abnormal net profit of A . million in the first half. In October, it said the depressed local housing market would cause a deterioration in first half profits, while the year would also be lower. BT Securities building materials analyst Chris Haynes forecasts James Hardie to report a net profit before abnormals of A million in the first half. Haynes, who has a hold recommendation for James Hardie, said the building materials supplier was likely to pay a . cents a share dividend, unchanged from a the first half. A Sydney based building material analyst forecast James Hardie to report a net profit before abnomals of A million for the first half and about A million for the year. J.B. Were amp Son's building materials analyst, John North, forecasts a first half pre abnormal net profit of slightly below A million. But he added I would be disappointed if they came in below A million or A million , North told Reuters. North forecast an annual profit of A million. BZW Australia forecast the Sydney based group to report a net profit before abnormals of A . million for the half and about A million for the year. ABN AMRO Hoare Govett building materials analyst Fabian Babich estimated James Hardie to report a pre abnormal net profit of A million for the half. Analysts said James Hardie results are likely to turn around in the year, with an expected pick up in the Australian housing industry during the calendar year. The group reported a pre abnormal net profit of A . million in . The market will almost ignore these results, all the focus will be on the future and what they are doing in the U.S., said one building materials analyst. People are not buying Hardie for earnings its a story, the analyst said. ABN AMRO's Babich said the market would also welcome any comments on further business divestments, so that the company has a tighter focus on its core fibre cement operations. I think the market would react positively to any comment on the possible sales of the bathroom products and pipeline business and the windows business, all of which are estimated to be operating at a loss at the moment, Babich told Reuters. James Hardie said on Tuesday it had completed the sale of its irrigation business and its fire protection and building automation operations. The sale of these businesses are unlikely to be shown in the first half accounts, analysts said. Most building materials analysts have a hold recommendation on James Hardie due to the strong rise in its share price over the past months, although they said the outlook for the group is positive, particularly with its expected grow in the U.S. James Hardie shares have risen about percent to a record of A . last week from around A . in November . The shares closed three cents up at A . on Wednesday. James Hardie is . percent owned by Brierley Investments Ltd's Australian offshoot Australian Consolidated Investments Ltd. Sydney Newsroom 