Ice cream had a sad time in Europe this summer, adding fresh impetus for the big makers to try to persuade us to eat it in the winter. We think for Unilever its meant million pounds . million in lost sales and lost profits of million in the summer months across europe, said David Lang, analyst at Henderson Crosthwaite. The dull summer has hit impulse purchases of ice creams worst of all, a high margin sector that makes up one third of all European ice cream sales. Coca Cola, sometimes taken as a benchmark for consumer spending behaviour, reported a percent decline in case sales in Germany, percent down in Britain and four percent down in France as a result of the poor summer. It's no surprise then to find marketing executives at Wall's and Nestle scurrying for new products to sell in the winter months. Britain's Birds Eye Wall's, owned by Unilever, said it has launched seven new lines across its impulse, take home and multipack sectors as chocolate indulgences for the winter months. Nestle is trying to roll out products like its Christmas Log in France to even out the seasonal swing in sales. Both companies argue if people in Norway and Sweden, where the climate is cooler, can eat twice as much ice cream than in Britain, then there is work to be done. The snag is that in summer when people are on holiday that is when impulse sales are always at their highest, people just don't associate having an ice cream with winter, said John Campbell, an analyst at Paribas. Industry watchers also point out that children, who account for percent of all impulse icecream sales, take their longest holidays in the summer. Wall's, the largest player in the British icecream market worth about . billion pounds estimates some million pounds of the market growth in came from the very hot summer. Wall's brands account for out of the top selling impulse brands with Wall's Solero heading up the league followed by Magnum White and Magnum Classic. In terms of total market share Wall's has percent in Britain, Nestle Lyons Maid percent, Mars percent, own label percent and others percent. In a week of indifferent summer weather Wall's sells about to million portions of icecream whereas in a hot sunny week this figure can rise to around million portions. The big players in the billion pounds European icecream market have come down with a thud from the summer of . It was the third hottest summer on record in Europe and August the hottest and sunniest ever with long periods of temperatures above degrees centigrade, at which point consumers really switch into buying icecream. Temperatures soared to an average . degrees centigrade in Britain with . hours of sunshine a day compared with . hours in . Statistics from the MetOffice, Britain's national weather centre, show an average temperature of . degrees for the summer of . The office says the South of France and Spain had just an average summer this year. Nestle, who entered the UK market in with the purchase of the Lyons Maid brand, estimates total sales in Britain are down some percent at million due to the dull summer, of this hand held icecreams accounted for million. In Britain the all time Summer record for Wall's still stands at million portions sold during one week in the long, hot summer of the year when Wall's Cornetto first hit the market. However much the big fridge fillers spend on advertising and dreaming up new products it will be hard to break that record. . Pound 