Anglo Dutch food to detergent group Unilever Plc, reporting third quarter results next Friday, is likely to have suffered from restructuring costs for its North American industrial cleaning business Diversey and from weak ice cream sales in a drab European summer, analysts said. Diversey, acquired in January from Molson for million stg, was merged with Lever Industrial in October to form a combined business with annual turnover of . billion stg and a workforce of , in different countries. Analysts predict third quarter pretax profits in a range of to million, against million stg last time. The wide range reflects uncertainty about the size of redundancy payments and closures needed to reshape Diversey. Charges for Diversey could range from million stg, with a further million needed for restructuring other Unilever businesses. But the half year dividend, paid in the third quarter, is forecast to rise sharply as a result of changes to dividend policy announced at the full year. Analysts expect a . p dividend payout under a new policy whereby percent of the previous year's total dividend would be paid in the stronger of either Dutch guilder or sterling so far this year. A . p payout would represent a percent increase on the previous half year's . p. For the nine month period analysts are forecasting pretax profits of about . billion pounds. European ice cream sales are not going to have the special benefit they had in or , said John Campbell, analyst at Paribas. European economies are generally weak, and German consumption if anyhing lower because of the tough economic climate there, he added. Michael Bourke at Panmure Gordon saw three factors behind the downturn. The exceptional charge will be a bit higher, perhaps about million compared with million the year before, and ice cream sales in the third quarter will have been influenced a lot by the summer weather. Last but not least is the currency factor, with the majority of Unilever profits in US dollars and the recent weakness in the dollar clearly having an impact. The consensus forecast EPS for , taken from brokers polled by Reuters, is . p, rising to . p in . Six brokers downgraded their EPS forecast in October. Unilever's return on equity is currently running at . percent, against . percent for Unigate, the highest in the FTSE all share food manufacturing sector. The company's shares reached a high of pence for the year in mid September before closing down at on Friday. London Newsroom 