Family controlled British food and retailing group Associated British Foods should report a sharp rise in full year profits on Monday, as its retail and textile business benefit from a pickup in high street spending. The two parts of the business really driving the increase are the retail and clothing side which is benefitting from the feel good factor, said Michael Bourke, analyst at Panmure Gordon. Analysts forecasts are centred on pretax profits of million stg up from million last time and a dividend increase to . p from . p. ABF, a food processor and manufacturer in Britain, Australia and the United States, as well as a food and textile retailer in Britain and Ireland, is also widely expected to yield yet more cash from British Sugar. The feature of the figures as ever is the strong cashflow coming out of British sugar. Net cash should rise by about million pounds which always begs the question will they spend it said UBS analyst Charlie Mills. That would bring net cash to million stg at year end. On the retail side PriMark, women's clothing chain in Ireland and Britain, as well as the Irish retailing businesses Stewarts supermarkets in Northern Ireland and Crazy Prices and Quinnsworth are expected to perform much better. However the mainstream side of the business, British Sugar which contributes about percent of profits, is likely to be slightly weaker after a hot summer in affected the sugar beet crop and margins came under pressure from the strength of sterling which made European imports look cheaper. Aside from British sugar, analysts expect the grocery business, like milling and baking, Rivita and Burton biscuits to show improvements. On average analysts forecast trading profit from groceries, excluding British Sugar, to rise by million stg to million in the belief that the company has managed to claw back some of the margin on non packaged food. Including British Sugar operating profits are predicted to increase to about million from million previously. ABF shares have risen consistently from p in January to p at Friday's close. Consensus estimates, taken from a Reuter poll of brokers, for is . , rising to . in . The company has a return on equity of . percent, putting it in th slot in the FTSE All share food manufaturing sector of companies. London Newsroom 