British dairy and distribution company Unigate Plc posted better than expected profits at the half year stage on Tuesday and said it was seeking to expand its presence as a distributor in mainland Europe. We have now refocused the group into food and distribution. And a lot of pan European customers of ours are looking for us to come to them with some European capability, so one area we are looking at is distribution, chairman Ian Martin said. Pretax profits in the half year to September were up . percent at . million pounds . million , better than stockmarket forecasts of to million. The company held cash of million at September , giving it ample resources for acquisitions. The company raised its interim dividend by . percent to . pence. Unigate shares were up four pence at p by late in the session. Martin told a news conference We tend to see the duck being thickest in Europe and that is where we are shooting at the moment. Chief executive Ross Buckland said in an interview that Unigate had between and million pounds to spend on acquisitions. If our interest cover went down below four times then you would have to question our cautiousness, he said. He ruled out a special dividend, saying that growth by acquisition represented better value to shareholders. We are prepared to expand beyond areas in which we operate, into another food area, but if we did it would have to be a large and meaningful acquisition, said Buckland. Unigate's European foods division reported profits up . million at . million in the first half, with fresh foods increasing profits from . million to . million pounds. This increase was helped by the million pound acquisition of Kraft's European margarines and spreads business in August. Malton, the bacon and pork processing business, has also benefited from recent acquisitions. In the half year, a total of million was spent on acquisitions, including million on the Hargrave pork products business to further strengthen Malton. Another million was spect buying Kraft's Vitalite and Golden Churn brands to add to St Ivel's existing brands Gold and Utterly Butterly. I don't believe we can be accused of unwise investments over the last year, Buckland said. Unigate's dairy business reported profits down . million pounds at . million due to lower prices for butter and milk powders, which Unigate estimated cost it about . million in the period. But from October, Unigate said it has seen a small reduction in raw milk prices. Wincanton, Unigate's distribution business reported profits up . million at . million. In August, Unigate completed its exit from the U.S. restaurant business with the sale of Taco Bueno and Casa Bonita for million, enabling the company to focus purely on developing its core European food and distribution business. The group sold its U.S. restaurant chain Black eyed Pea for million pounds in July and its minority stake in Dutch food company Nutricia for million in January. Cash at the bank and in hand amounted to million at the half year stage. . Pound 