Brewer to leisure group Bass Plc is expected to report a strong improvement in full year earnings on Wednesday, driven by growth at Holiday Inns and its chain of Harvester restaurants. The company will benefit from a full year on its acquisition of Harvester, a full year of sales in Caffrey's and Hoopers Hooch and a full year from Robinsons', said BZW analyst Charles Winston. Bass bought the Harvester chain of pubs for million stg from Forte in July. Analysts forecasts for pre tax profits range from to million stg, up from . million stg in . A dividend of . p is anticipated. The tight profits range bears testimony to the full and detailed trading statement the company announced in September, covering the first weeks of the year. Chairman Sir Ian Prosser said at the time revenue per available room in the US franchised hotels increased by six percent. Analysts expect revenue per available room to show an increase of . percent in Europe at the full year. The growth will come from hotels, up percent and pubs up percent, said Goldman Sachs analyst Colin Davies. Analysts expect profits from Holiday Inns to come in at about million stg up from million a year ago. The pubs division, which includes Harvester, is anticipated to show trading profits of some million up from million. However, trading profit from the leisure division is expected to be down about million at million because of the impact of the national lottery and scratch cards on admissions at Gala, Bass owned traditional bingo clubs. But betting shops Coral, also part of the company's leisure division, are likely to see the benefit of government changes in June that allowed betting shop operators to have up to two pound all cash AWPs on the premises. The company's brewing business should report a near million stg increase in operating profit to million, helped along by strong sales in the markets leading alcopop Hoopers Hooch and creamy ale Caffrey's. Profits from the soft drinks division, which includes Britvic, should also be slightly higher some analysts predict by as much as million up at million as a result of the acquisition of Robinsons' soft drinks business. Bass shares closed p down at p on Friday as talk surfaced that its proposed million stg acquisition of Carlsberg Tetley would only be allowed through with tough conditions imposed by government. London Newsroom 