Drinks, food and retail group Grand Metropolitan Plc will post a strong rise in its underlying business performance in its full year results on Thursday driven by its North American foods business Pillsbury, but it also stands to take a huge million stg loss on disposals. The growth will really come through from Pillsbury, particularly on dough and pizza, said Goldman Sachs analyst Colin Davies. Analysts forecasts for pretax profits range from to . million stg, before the loss on disposals. GrandMet posted pre tax profits of million stg last year. Dividend forecasts are centred on . p, up from . p. The loss on disposals is made up of million stg of goodwill written off on the sale of its optician business Pearle, a million stg hit on the disposal of William Hill and Mecca to leisure group Brent Walker and a million stg loss on the disposal of its Erasco food business in Germany, to the Campbell Soup Company. At the time of the Erasco sale GrandMet said it would take a further million stg of goodwill written off on the sale of a batch of European foods businesses. The sell off is designed to enable GrandMet to focus in Europe on its major international brands Pillsbury, Green Giant, Haagen Dazs and Old El Paso. Aside from the exceptional charges analysts see a percent profit improvement from GrandMet's food business to an estimated million stg. Pillsbury has achieved prices rises and gained market share since the first half, GrandMet said in September. Analysts expect Pillsbury to contribute about million stg of the estimated million while Pet, producer of Old El Paso and Italian foods and soups acquired in January for some . billion stg, is expected to chip in about million. Sector analysts also anticipate a near million stg improvement in profits to million from the company's spirits arm International Distillers and Vintners IDV . We expect GrandMet's drinks business to do better than either Allied Domecq or Guinness, said Merrill Lynch, analyst Mark Puleikis. They have been a lot more proactive and aggressive in their advertising expenditure over the last two years and they are more exposed to the vodka category which is standing them in good stead, he said. 