Britain's largest brewer Scottish amp Newcastle Plc will see more benefit from its Courage brands in its half year results due on Monday, but its holiday village business Center Parcs will hold it back, analysts said. The company will see an improvement from a full contribution at Courage, but what is really holding it back is Center Parcs and there could be a worry on the currency with the recent strength in the pound, said Nikko analyst Dermott Carr. Analysts forecasts for pretax profits range from to million stg up from . million last time. Dividend forecasts centre on . p. Brewing is expected to contribute some million stg, with million of this total anticipated from Courage. Courage made just . million stg in operating profit, on turnover of . million stg, to overall group profits in the first half of . S amp N acquired Courage from Australian brewer Foster's in August, to create Britain's largest brewing group in a deal that cost about million stg. Since then S amp N has quickly set about reducing its brewing capacity by some . million barrels a year, initially by closing two breweries and shedding some , jobs. John Smith's Courage is now Britain's leading ale brand. The group's Center Parcs holiday resorts are expected to suffer from continued weak consumer leisure spending in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany. Center Parcs made operating profit of . million stg in the year to April , down . percent on turnover of . million. S amp N's new village at Bispinger Heide in Germany was opened against a very weak economic background in July and the cost of opening was higher than the company expected. Pontin's, S amp N's other leisure brand, made trading profits of . million, down from . million due to the sale of four sites and major refurbishment work at two others. The performance of its Center Parc villages in the Netherlands and Belgium were adversely affected by a lack of consumer confidence and cut price competition from operators and it responded by investing heavily in those countries. Analysts expect this trend to have carried on into the first half of the year, forcing the leisure division to report profits down some . million at million. The company has three Center Parcs in Britain at Nottingham in the Midlands, East Anglia and Longleat, in the west of England. It owns two in France, one in Germany, two in Belgium and six in Holland. However, S amp N's retail division, which includes the , strong chain of Chef amp Brewer restaurants, should see trading profits improve by increased investment aimed at rebranding and lifting the image of some outlets. The company's managed pub estate has been rebranded to include pub cafe bars like Rat amp Parrot and entertainment pubs like Big Hand Mo. The consensus of analysts forecasts for profits from the retail division rests at million stg, up some . million on the first half of . The division includes an estate of tenanted and about , managed pubs as well as Chef amp Brewer. The company's shares have outperformed its peers by about eight percent since February, but started underperforming the FTSE index by some six percent since late September. The shares were up p at on Friday from their p close on January . Return on equity is currently running at . percent, half its . percent level in , against . percent currently for Bass. Operating margins have fallen to . percent from . percent in . A Reuter poll of brokers estimates produced a consensus estimate EPS of . for the year ended April , rising to . for year end . London Newsroom 