Regional brewer Marston, Thompson amp Evershad Plc on Tuesday reported an . percent decline in sales of its key brand ale Marston Pedigree in the first half of the year due to the rising popularity of so called nitrokegs. But the ale increased its market share by one percent as its competitors real ales suffered even more. Overall sales of the company's own brewed beers rose . percent and it launched its own nitrokeg, Marston's Bitter Smoothbrewed, in the Spring. Nitrokeg is having quite an effect in terms of market share, said chief executive David Gordon in an interview. The company's shares were p lower at p. But the country's two largest brewers Scottish amp Newcastle and Bass who boast a huge portfolio of brands, saw their shares rise. S amp N shares were up p at p after announcing an unexpectedly strong percent rise in its half year profits on Monday. Unlike traditional beers, nitrokegs do not undergo a secondary fermentation in the cask. Brewers have scurried to launch their own nitrokegs after the runaway success of Bass owned Caffrey's, which sold fast in the scorching summer. Caffrey's, served chilled, has taken traditional real ale drinkers away from warmer ales and also attracted premium lager drinkers. Earlier Marston, Thompson reported a . percent increase in its pretax profits to . million stg in the half year ended September , driven by strong food and liquor sales in its managed estate. Food sales were up by . percent and now account for . percent of total sales in its managed pub estate. The company's managed estate of pubs made operating profits of . million up . percent. There is no evidence that demand is dropping. The average spend per head is seven pounds for food and the retired elderly and the young can afford to do that maybe two or three times a week, said Gordon. I feel there is a touch more consumer confidence, he said, adding conditions were better now than for six or seven years. In a separate statement, Belhaven Brewery said it managed to increase sales of Belhaven Best despite tougher competition from other nitrokegs. Belhaven shares were unchanged at p. London Newsroom 