British brewer to leisure group Bass Plc, said on Wednesday the company planned to spend million pounds . billion on the business next year, creating some , jobs. The company plans a million pound million investment programme next year on its Bass Taverns, converting many pubs to branded concept bars like the trendy All Bar One or Irish pubs O'Neills and refurbishing community pubs. This year Bass invested, net of disposals, million in capital projects, which it calculates created at least , new jobs. But in an interview chairman Sir Ian Prosser declined to comment on its proposed acquisition of brewer Carlsberg Tetley C T which is currently being studied by Britain's Board of Trade on competition grounds. Their decision is expected in the next few weeks. C T is a joint venture between Allied Domecq and Danish brewer Carlsberg A S formed in by the merger of their British brewing and wholesaling businesses. I don't make any comment on that. Our discussions with the Office of Fair Trading are obviously confidential. We'll wait and see what the president of the Board of Trade says, he said. Bass shares were p lower at p by GMT. To get the share price to move forward, the company needs to resolve the uncertainty surrounding C T, said Charles Winston, an analyst at BZW. But he added the company's profits for the full year were at the top end of market expectations and showed the strongest cashflow since . In August Bass announced the acquisition of Allied's percent stake in the venture for million pounds in cash together with some beer brands, among them Tetley Bitter, Skol and Ansell, six breweries and C T's network of depots. Bass and Carlsberg agreed at the same time to merge C T and Bass Brewers, given regulatory approval. If approved, the merger will create Britain's largest brewer by far with at least percent of the market. Bass currently has a percent market share. Bass was knocked off its perch as Britain's leading brewer last year when Scottish and Newcastle S amp N acquired Courage from Australian brewer Fosters, giving it a percent share of Britain's beer market. Prosser dismissed fears expressed by regional brewers and competitors that a full merger would make Bass too dominant in the Midlands and Yorkshire. I don't think we are going to have that high a concentration in any region, he said. He also restated that the acquisition would be good for drinkers and reiterated the company's committment not to close any of C T's breweries. Bass anticipates continued buoyancy in UK consumer spending over the next year from which it will benefit, Prosser said. The company's Holiday Inns profits rose by . percent to million, while its Bass Taverns' chain of managed pubs increased operating profit by . percent to million. The brewery division improved profits nine percent to million while the Britvic soft drinks arm improved profits . percent to million. But the leisure division, which includes traditional Gala bingo halls and Corals betting shops, continued to be affected by lower admissions after the introduction of scratch cards and the national lottery. Profits were off . pct at million. Coral was hit by a one off cost of . million pounds on the last Saturday of the financial year when all seven races at Ascot were won by the same jockey. A final dividend payout of . pence was recommended, making a total p for the year. . Pound 