Food to drinks group Grand Metropolitan Plc has embarked on a period of steady growth driven by profits from its American foods business Pillsbury and spirits arm IDV, said group finance director Gerald Corbett. We would love to clap our hands and wonderful things to happen. But life is not like that. Life is about steady improvement of one's basic position. Moving the profits forward, managing the costs, generating cash, said Corbett. The message is steady as she goes, managing what we have got, building our brands and keeping the ship on a steady course. Earlier the company announced a six percent increase in its pretax profits to million stg for the year ended September , . GrandMet shares fell p to p as the figures came in below the market forecast consensus of million. The avowed strategy of steady, organic growth from GrandMet contrasts sharply with former chairman Lord Sheppard's era of frenetic acquisitions and disposals. Corbett said the company is confident it can achieve the same level of percent organic growth at Pillsbury next year. In the year ended September , Pillsbury grew operating profit percent to million, sales were up four percent and prices three percent. U.S. operating margins were up . percentage points at . percent. All our consumer indices show that its steady as she goes. We are not looking for a sharp improvement in demand in the states and equally we see no evidence of deterioration. We have begun the year satisfactorily and we are in good shape for another good year at Pillsbury, said Corbett. Pillsbury has lifted its margins steadily over the last four years and there is no reason to suppose that upward trend won't continue. At its spirits arm, International Distillers and Vintners, IDV GrandMet plans to get price rises through of another two to three percent on average next year, said Corbett. We think we have done rather better on pricing than our competitors as we started investing on brand equity about two years ago whereas they have yet to really put their foot on the accellerator, said Corbett. As an example Corbett cited GrandMet's move to impose its first price rise for five years in April on Smirnoff in the U.S. Other spirits companies are finding it tougher getting consumers to accept price increases on their brands. GrandMet plans to spend to million more on marketing its brands this year, said Corbett, after spending million in . Again the bulk of its marketing spend will go behind liquor Bailey's, vodka Smirnoff and J amp B whisky. Overall marketing expenditure was up percent at . billion stg in its year. IDV reported operating profits up four percent at million, sales were up four perecent and prices up two percent. Sales of spirits were up five percent and profits growth in the region was led by Britain and Spain. Spirits sales in emerging markets were up percent. At fast food chain Burger King profits were held back by fears over the health risks of eating beef in Britain and Germany as well as the decline in refranchising stores. The company plans to open another new stores next year, up from in . It currently has at total , restaurants. Burger King posted a million stg drop in trading profit to million stg. Corbett said GrandMet should achieve million stg in cost savings in . This comes on top of cost savings of million stg identified by the company at the time of its restructuring three years ago. Our major objective is to improve the return on capital, he said, adding that GrandMet's post tax return on total invested capital is about . percent which the company hopes to push into double digits in the next three years. GrandMet should be able to reduce its debt to . billion stg by the end of its financial year, taking its interest cover to just under eight times, said Corbett. The company will ask for shareholder approval at its annual meeting in March to buy back up to percent of its own shares. Corbett said the company is reviewing a number of options but declined to say what they were or talk about the timing or size of any buyback. London Newsroom 