British pub to hotels group Greenalls Plc should report a near percent rise in its full year profits on Thursday as its acquisition of Boddington Group feeds through into its managed pub estate, analysts said. Analysts' forecasts for pretax profits in the year to September range from to million stg excluding an exceptional million stg for the cost of reorganising Boddington's, up from . million last time. Dividend forecasts are centred on a total payout of . p. The acquisition of Boddington for million stg in November added pubs to the group's portfolio and made Greenalls the largest independent retail pub chain with , outlets. Some former Boddington's managed pubs were absorbed into Greenalls Inns. At the time of the acquisition Greenalls identified million stg of cost savings from closing Boddington's offices and wholesale depots. However, confusion remains among analysts about how former Boddington assets have been absorbed. Trading profits from its managed pubs are anticipated to be up some percent at million stg, driven by the inclusion of the Boddington estate for the first full year. Profits from its hotel and restaurants division should grow about percent to million. The company announced the long awaited sale of its six hotels in the United States on Friday for million stg in cash with a loss on the disposal of . million. It's definitely a welcome sight to see. Those hotels have rarely been in profit over the last ten years, said one analyst who declined to be named. The division also includes De Vere Hotels, Village Leisure acquired from Boddington and the branded Premier House pub restaurants. Earnings from the group's tenanted pubs and wholesaling are likely to be up about percent at million. At the end of August, Inn Partnership comprised , tenanted houses including former Boddington tenanted pubs. This division also includes off licenses and a distillery. Analysts envisage an interest charge of about million. Investors and analysts are keen to hear how the brands acquired from Boddington's are fitting in. There are a number of retail brands in this vastly enlarged group and it would be interesting to see which ones it considers to be really important for the future, said Colin Humphreys, analyst at Panmure Gordon. Greenalls shares were off p at on Friday at GMT, well off their p year high. The company improved operating margin to . percent in from . percent a year earlier. Its return on equity rose to . percent from . over the same period, compared with . percent for Whitbread. A Reuter poll of brokers produced a consensus estimate EPS for the full year ending September , of . rising to . in . London Newsroom 