Shares in brewing to leisure group Bass Plc are likely to be held back until Britain's Trade and Industry secretary Ian Lang decides whether to allow its proposed merge with brewer Carlsberg Tetley, said analysts. Earlier Lang announced the Bass deal would be referred to the Monoplies and Mergers Commission which is due to report before March , . The shares fell p to p on the news. The stock is probably dead in the water until March, said John Wakley, analyst at Lehman Brothers. Dermott Carr, an analyst at Nikko said, the market is going to hang onto them for the moment but until we get a decision they will be held back. Whatever the MMC decides many analysts expect Lang to defer a decision until after the next general election which will be called by May . They will probably try to defer the decision until after the election. I don't think they want the negative PR of having a large number of people fired, said Wakley. If the deal does not go through, analysts calculate the maximum loss to Bass of million, with most sums centred on the million range. It's a maxiumum loss of million for Bass if they fail and, unlike Allied, you would have to compare it to the perceived upside of doing the deal, said Wakley. Bass said at the time of the deal it would take a one off charge of million stg for restructuring the combined business, resulting in expected annual cost savings of million stg within three years. Under the terms of the complex deal, if Bass cannot combine C T with its own brewing business within months, it has the option to put its whole shareholding to Carlsberg for million stg and Carlsberg has an option to put percent of C T to Allied Domecq, which would reimburse Bass million stg. Bass is also entitled to receive percent of all profits earnied by C T until the merger is complete, which should give it some million stg in a full year. Carlsberg has agreed to contribute its interests and million stg in exchange for a percent share in the combined Bass Breweries and Carlsberg Tetley business. C T was a joint venture between Allied Domecq and Carlsberg formed in by the merger of their UK brewing and wholesaleing businesses. London Newsroom 