Britain's biggest cider maker H P Bulmer on Wednesday played down the runaway success of so called alcopops fruit flavoured alcoholic drinks on its business, saying their impact had not been significant. It's important to get it into perspective. The total alcopops market is only about percent of sales volume of our Strongbow, said chief executive John Rudgard. Yes it's big. Its grown from nowhere very quickly. There is no doubt that people who drink alcopops have taken sales from a wide variety of other drinks but the biggest substition is from lager. There is some substitution from ciders, but within that category the biggest impact is on fashion type ciders which Bulmer does not have in its brand portfolio, said Rudgard. We have strong brands which provides us some insulation against competition. We have not found the same difficulties as Matthew Clarke. In September Clarke shook the stock market with a profit warning, citing tough competition from alcopops and a flood of cheap cider products. The warning wiped more than million stg off the company's stock market value. Rudgard said Bulmer's brands, which include Strongbow, White Lightning, Stonehouse and Scrumpy Jack, have proved more resilient while the cider market is still growing despite the introduction of alcopops. According to the latest National Association of Cider Makers figures the cider market grew by . percent to million gallons in the months to September . Bulmer sales were up . percent in the same period, excluding Inch's Cider Company which it acquired for million stg in May. Inch's made a trading profit of . million stg. Group trading profit before exceptional items was up . percent at . million stg. Bulmer increased its share of the UK cider market by percent to percent. Operating margins in the UK fell to . percent from . percent due to the marketing investments in its export markets, particularly on Strongbow. Rudgard said margins will continue to remain lower as investment programme overseas is stepped up. London Newsroom 