Anglo Dutch consumer products group Unilever NV Plc reported a percent rise in annual profits on Tuesday and put its speciality chemicals units up for sale in a move tipped to raise up to five billion pounds. Pre tax profit rose to . billion pounds . billion last year on a six percent rise in turnover to . billion. Unilever shares surged on the results, which were better than analysts had forecast, and on the planned speciality chemicals sale. Chairman Niall FitzGerald said the sale of the speciality chemicals businesses would enable the group to concentrate on achieving growth in its consumer goods operations, particularly in developing and emerging markets. Analysts said the sale, which could free Unilever up for a major acquisition in its main food, detergents and personal products businesses, was well timed. FitzGerald said, meanwhile, that the overall economic situation in , as in , was likely to be generally favourable for the group, which is the world's largest producer of both margarine and ice cream, with activities from food to toiletries and household goods brands such as soap powder Omo. But he saw little reason to believe that conditions in Europe, particularly in France and Germany, would improve. Analysts' forecasts for pre tax profit had centred on . billion pounds and Unilever Plc shares surged pence to , in London as some looked to raise forecasts. In Amsterdam its shares rose . guilders, six percent, to . . We will now seek actively buyers for the totality or the individual chemicals businesses and we will then assess those over the next month or two, FitzGerald told Reuters. We would hope to conclude a sale in the course of the next three to six months. FitzGerald declined to say how much the businesses, with , staff in more than countries, might be worth. Analysts estimate the sale sould fetch . to . billion pounds and FitzGerald told a news conference in the short term it would wipe out the company's net borrowings of . billion pounds. The funds would also be used for acquisitions in growth areas, FitzGerald told reporters, such as Asia Pacific and South America and in priority categories like detergents, tea, ice cream, yellow fats, personal care products and fragrances. We have a carefully defined list of what we may do with the proceeds , which I am not prepared to discuss, he said. In China I would like to have a business times the size. The four units National Starch and Chemical Company, Quest International, Unichema International and Crosfield have a combined turnover of . billion pounds, nine percent of Unilever's total sales, and showed operating profit of million in , with margins of . percent. These are extremely large and important parts of our businesses but for some time we have been reviewing whether they should be a continuing part of the portfolio not because they are poorly performing themselves, they are excellent performers but whether we can give them the concentration and the focus that they require, FitzGerald said. ...if you look at the way this industry is developing we have to take a decision either to significantly improve our presence in these markets, perhaps double it, or to exit and in exiting to concentrate on the other percent of our business which is our mainstream consumer goods business. Commenting on the overall results, Unilever said its performance in Europe was held back by poor weather hitting ice cream sales and by the impact of the mad cow disease crisis. But good progress in North American market conditions provided the basis for better results there and the momentum of growth continued strongly in the fast growing emerging markets. Unilever Plc is paying a final dividend of . pence, making . for the year, a rise of nine percent. The Dutch arm raised the final dividend to . guilders from . , making a total of . against . in . . Pound 