Stagecoach, the British bus and rail group which has seen its share price grow fivefold in three years, Thursday posted a bumper percent rise in first half profits, boosting its stock to a record high. The Scottish based group, which has enjoyed explosive growth since its flotation in , said half year pre tax profits climbed to a record million pounds million . The half year dividend rose percent to pence cents a share and group revenues leapt to million pounds . million from . million . million . Chairman Brian Souter called the results excellent. Shares in Stagecoach were up . pence . cents at . by GMT a.m. EST , leading a fleet of other bus companies higher in its wake. Go Ahead Group rose pence to . . and Cowie Group added . pence . cents to p . . It's good news all round. The profits are two million . million above what I expected. We're upgrading our year forecast by five million . million to million pounds . million , said UBS analyst Richard Hannah. The results were the first since the group's high profile acquisitions of British rail rolling stock company Porterbrook and the Swedish bus group Swebus. The integration of Porterbrook and Swebus is proceeding and I am confident of a successful outcome, said Souter. Porterbook and the bus operations were the real driver behind the growth in profits. The figures were also flattered by a one off gain of million pounds . million from the sale of a . percent stake in Strathclyde Buses. This was reflected in the high half year payout. Porterbook's profits were better than expected at . million pounds . million in the six weeks since it was acquired. That's about two million . million profit a week on operating profit margins of percent, said Hannah. Stagecoach finance director Keith Cochrane said operating profits would ease slightly in the latter part of the year as the company took on on going expenditure for maintenance. He forecast Porterbrook would still perform strongly, although margins would not be as high as in the first six weeks. Total sales in the bus operation rose to . million pounds . million against . million . million , yielding profits of . million million versus . million . million . South West Trains, a new business, saw sales of million pounds . million and profits of , pounds , . Porterbrook sales were . million pounds . million , with . million . million profit and Swebus sales came in at . million . million , with , pounds million in profit. Stagecoach, which started out as a brother and sister team in Scotland, was floated in at pence . a share. The share price has doubled this year. 