British entrepreneur Richard Branson's Virgin Group on Friday clinched a British rail franchise and said it planned to spend an extra million pounds million on new trains and increased services. He won control of the CrossCountry serice, which covers more than stations and is based in the central British city of Birmingham. The company, which has staff and earned passenger revenues worth million pounds . million in the year to March, is part of the national rail network that is in the process of being privatised. Virgin believes that it can be built into one of the prime rail franchises serving several markets...Exciting times are ahead, Branson told a London news briefing. Will Whitehorn, director of Virgin Rail, told Reuters Our key plan is to buy a new fleet, spending million pounds on new rolling stock, agreed as part of the bid. The order will be placed next year, with the first deliveries due in . Under financial terms, the government subsidy in the first year of the year franchise will be . million pounds. The . million subsidy has been cut from the level of million pounds and will average at . million over the life of the franchise term. Whitehorn said the subsidy will be eroded over the year term and in the final year Virgin Rail will make a million pound payment to the government. Sir George Young, transport secretary said This deal is final proof of the renaissance which is sweeping through Britain's railway industry...Virgin will take a loss making nationalised company and transform it within years into a profitable enterprise. Virgin will refurbish the company's HST diesel trains and has pledged to increase train miles by percent between May and . The services will be rebranded under the Virgin name and cover destinations across England, Scotland and Wales. This is the first rail franchise to be awarded to Virgin Rail which also bid unsuccessfully for the Gatwick Express route. But Virgin is on the shortlist for the West Coast rail franchise and has a bid in for the Thameslink service in London. Of rail franchises covering passenger services across Britain, the government has sold to the private sector as part of its privatisation of the network. The Virgin empire, which spans everything from its airline, music and financial services to its own label cola, already has a major rail business. It is a partner in the London and Continental Railways LCR consortium which owns the Eurostar passenger service that links London with Paris and Brussels through the Channel Tunnel. A serious fire in the tunnel last week has temporarily halted services, but Whitehorn declined to comment on the financial impact on the company. LCR has said that it needs to raise Eurostar's passenger traffic to fund construction of the planned Channel Tunnel Rail Link between London and the tunnel. . Pound 