Chrysler Corp. said Monday it rode strong sales of its pickup trucks, minivans and sport utility vehicles to a percent jump in third quarter profits, soundly beating Wall Street's optimistic forecasts. Detroit's No. automaker earned million, or cents a share, in the July September period, setting records for both net income and earnings per share for the third quarter. A year earlier, when Chrysler was struggling through the slow production launch of its current generation minivans, the company earned just million, or cents a share. Chrysler's performance in the third quarter was outstanding, Chairman Robert Eaton said in a statement. It was fuelled by record setting demand for our products, which led to a new third quarter U.S. retail unit sales record and produced the best model year for U.S. retail unit sales in the company's history. The results included an after tax charge of million, or cents a share, to cover costs of an early retirement programme. About salaried employees opted to leave the company under the programme during the quarter. Excluding the charge, Chrysler earned million, or a share, from operations, solidly exceeding Wall Street estimates. According to First Call, which tracks earnings estimates, analysts had expected Chrysler to earn about million, or cents a share. Chrysler shares jumped to . after touching on the New York Stock Exchange. I think it was all in the sales mix, Burnham Securities analyst David Healy said of Chrysler's strong performance. They've raised prices and the mix has shifted to trucks. They're selling not so many Neons and a lot more Jeep Grand Cherokees and Town amp Country minivans. Indeed, light trucks which typically carry higher profit margins than passenger cars made up percent of Chrysler's sales mix, versus percent in the quarter. The automaker had full availability of its new minivans, and a St. Louis plant that had just started building Dodge Ram pickup trucks in August is now churning the vehicles out. Chrysler earned a profit of on each vehicle in the quarter, almost double the earned per vehicle a year earlier. Incentive spending fell to per vehicle from a year ago, but was up from in the second quarter. Chrysler Chief Financial Officer Gary Valade said he expected similar conditions in the fourth quarter, and added that Chrysler next year plans another big increase in truck building capacity. He told reporters on a conference call that the automaker will be able to build , more trucks in than in , including the launch of a new Dodge sport utility vehicle at Chrysler's Newark, Del., plant. The four door vehicle is expected to be based on the new Dodge Dakota pickup truck that Chrysler is launching and will give Dodge dealers their first sport utility vehicle since the two door Ram Charger was discontinued in . Valade said Chrysler will end the year with about . percent of the North American car and light truck market, but cautioned the company will be prudent when adding capacity. We don't feel ourselves share constrained at this percent share level, but neither are we hell bent to get to percent at any cost, he said. Sales climbed to . billion, a third quarter record and up percent from . billion in the quarter. The automaker said it shipped , cars and trucks, up from , in the year ago period, boosting its share of the combined U.S. and Canadian retail car and truck market to . percent from . percent in the third quarter of . In the international market, Chrysler's retail sales were , vehicles, up percent over the , vehicles it sold in the third quarter of . In Europe, Chrysler vehicle sales rose percent. The automaker said it bought back million of its common stock in the quarter, bringing the total for to . billion, out of a billion programme. The company bought back billion worth of stock in and under its five year peace accord with billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian, has pledged to buy back another billion in . For the nine months, earnings were . billion, or . a share, nearly triple the million, or . a share, in the first nine months of . 