General Motors Corp.'s board of directors will likely delay an increase in the company's quarterly common stock dividend if it fails to reach a contract deal with the United Auto Workers union before Monday, analysts said Friday. GM's board is scheduled to meet on Monday and will consider the automaker's fourth quarter dividend, but Dean Witter analyst Ron Glantz said an increase will send the wrong message to the union. Unless a settlement is reached by Sunday, the board is not going to throw gasoline onto the fire, said Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. auto analyst Ron Glantz. A dividend hike now could jeopardize the long running UAW talks because the automaker is trying to win concessions aimed at cutting costs and allowing it sell off unprofitable parts plants. The two sides are crafting a complicated agreement that is expected to maintain job guarantees set by Ford Motor Co and Chrysler Corp, but may exclude a number of GM facilities. Nevertheless, analysts say GM is due for an increase because of the company's improving cash position and stronger earnings. The quarterly payout rate on GM's par value stock has been unchanged since February, when it was raised to . a share from . . Glantz's anticipation of an increase in the dividend and a possible share buyback program was predicated upon having an agreement in hand. Lehman Brothers analyst Joseph Phillippi agreed but he noted that GM needs to increase its payout to improve its dividend yield. GM's yield is now . percent, compared with . percent for Ford Motor Co and . percent for Chrysler Corp. Shareholders might be better served by letting that sleeping dog lie, Phillippi said of a possible dividend increase. He added that he expects shareholders to remain patient with GM, because the automaker has more to gain by negotiating a UAW contract that allows it reduce its cost disadvantage compared with Ford and Chrysler. Once a contract is signed, Phillippi said he is looking for GM to raise its dividend by percent, or . a share, in two increments. GM shares were up at . 