In a sign that agreement on a labour contract between General Motors Corp. and the United Auto Workers may still have significant hurdles, the union said Friday it cancelled a meeting of its National GM Council that was scheduled here for Saturday. The council, made up of about plant level leaders at GM locals across the country, was expected to vote on a tentative agreement covering GM's , UAW workers. UAW spokesman Reg McGhee declined to give a reason for the cancellation, but said the council will meet instead on Wednesday, Nov. , in Chicago, if the union reaches an agreement with GM in the next few days. One official close to the talks said the meeting was cancelled because the union did not reach a deal in time to print up summaries for the GM council members to review on Saturday. He did not rule out reaching an agreement on Friday. They're working on trying to resolve the final issues, GM spokesman Gerry Holmes said. Still, the cancellation was viewed as a negative sign for the GM contract talks, which had resumed Friday after bargainers rested up before making another push for a tentative agreement. They bargained for hours on Wednesday and Thursday, fuelling optimism that a settlement was near. The two sides have been haggling over the total number of hourly workers that GM will guarantee to maintain over the next three years. Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. have agreed to guarantee jobs for percent of their current hourly workforces, but GM wants to exclude several parts plants from the guarantees. GM, the least efficient of Detroit's Big Three, wants changes to the pattern to allow it to cut costs and shift more parts work to outside suppliers. GM is expected to match the Ford and Chrysler wage package, which calls for a , bonus in the first year, and percent base wage increases in the second and third years. Meanwhile, the toll of lost profits and idled workers from local strikes in Janesville, Wis., and Indianapolis continued to mount for GM. Including , strikers at the Indianapolis metal stamping plant and , at the Janesville truck assembly plant, GM said the walkouts had idled a total of , workers by midday Friday. Another , were scheduled to be sent home from GM's Shreveport, La., plant later Friday afternoon, and up to , workers in Linden, N.J., were told not to report to work on Monday. The two factories are among nine GM truck plants in North America that receive fenders, hoods, roofs and other major body panels from Indianapolis. Michael Ward, an auto analyst at Paine Webber, said the Janesville, Fort Wayne and Moraine shutdowns alone will cost GM million a day in after tax lost profits. We're looking at million a day right now, and that could easily expand to million by Monday, Ward said. About , workers were idled at GM's Moraine, Ohio, compact sport utility vehicle plant Thursday night, while , workers were laid off at GM's Fort Wayne, Ind., full size pickup truck assembly plant on Wednesday night. In addition, workers who build V engines for trucks assembled in Janesville and Fort Wayne were idled on Friday. A full size truck plant in Flint, Mich., had been expected to be idled Thursday night, but union officials said GM diverted enough parts to keep it running several more days. GM'll start funnelling the parts around to the plants that they want to keep going, said Doug Bellamy, vice president of UAW Local in Flint. Layoffs from the UAW strikes are increasing as GM's U.S. car operations are still staggering from the effects of the three week Canadian Auto Workers strike, which ended Oct. . GM said it still had , workers idled by continuing shortages of Canadian made parts at six car assembly plants, six engine and transmission plants and four metal stamping facilities. 