General Motors Corp cut a deal to end a costly strike at an Indianapolis metal stamping plant on Saturday, about hours after it announced a tentative national contract agreement with the United Auto Workers union. The five day Indianapolis strike had threatened to paralyze most of GM's North American light truck production by early next week. Along with a second, still unresolved walkout at GM's Janesville, Wisconsin, truck plant, the dispute was responsible for the idling of more than , workers. But the , Indianapolis strikers could be back on the job stamping out fenders, doors, hoods and other truck body parts by Sunday night following a ratification vote scheduled for Sunday morning, said Patrick Morrissey, a spokesman for GM's Metal Fabricating Division. However, GM's full size pickup truck plant in Pontiac, Michigan, may still shut down on Monday due to shortages of Indianapolis made parts, joining four other idled truck plants and an crippled engine plant. Ronald Gettelfinger, UAW regional director in Indianapolis, said the new local labor agreement, reached at about p.m. EST GMT on Saturday, was not influenced by the national GM UAW labor accord, which covers , U.S. hourly workers. The national contract defines wages, benefits, job security and other broad issues, while local pacts cover plant specific issues like work rules and staffing levels. We've got great negotiators at the top, Gettelfinger said. This was local issues. He declined to discuss the grievances that sparked the strike. They were believed to include demands for more jobs to cope with an increasing workload and protections for skilled trades workers. UAW President Stephen Yokich, who announced the national pact at a a.m. EST GMT news conference, held out the threat of more local strikes to keep GM from dragging its feet in negotiations with its locals. We can't tell you what's going to happen in the other locals, Yokich said. I would suggest that the company work very hard and get their locals cleaned up. President Bill Clinton applauded UAW GM agreement on Saturday. I am very hopeful that the tentative agreement will be ratified and that the outstanding local issues will quickly be resolved so that everyone can get back to work, he said. About , workers in Janesville remain on strike, although UAW Local officials said local talks intensified on Saturday. The plant, which builds GM's popular Chevrolet Tahoe, Suburban and GMC Yukon sport utility vehicles, is one of the automaker's most profitable factories. Analysts estimate the UAW related shutdowns will cost the carmaker up to million a day in lost profits, on top of an estimated million loss from a Canadian walkout that ended on Oct. . The UAW GM national agreement will be submitted to rank and file members for ratification after about UAW leaders meet to consider the pact on Wednesday in Chicago. The deal was unanimously approved by the union's national GM bargaining council. Details of the pact were not released on Saturday, but Gerald Knechtel, GM vice president of personnel, said it fits within the pattern that the UAW set at Ford Motor Co and Chrysler Corp Both of those companies agreed to guarantee jobs for percent of their current hourly workforces and will give workers a , bonus in the first year of the contract, followed by percent raises in the second and third years of the contract. One union official said the pact maintains the percent job guarantee but allows GM some flexibility to exit certain unprofitable businesses and to allow employment at some factories to fall below that threshold. In a sign that contentious issues remain, company and union officials did not announce the pact in a joint news conference with the traditional handshakes and smiles. Instead, they made grim faced separate statements to reporters gathered at GM's Detroit headquarters building. I think we said back in June that it would be a difficult negotiation, and I think we fulfilled that expectation, said a visibly tired GM Chairman Jack Smith. Like any negotiation, you never get everything you want. 