Workers at a key General Motors Corp. metal stamping plant in Indianapolis began returning to work on Sunday after ratifying a deal to end a five day strike that threatened to paralyze most of the automaker's light truck production. But a similar settlement eluded negotiators at GM's Janesville, Wis., truck assembly plant, where a strike over local issues by , workers entered its sixth day. Janesville, which builds GM's popular Chevrolet Tahoe, Suburban and GMC Yukon sport utility vehicles, is one of the automaker's most profitable factories. The deal for , workers in Indianapolis, which came hours after GM and the UAW announced a tentative agrement for a new national labor contract early Saturday morning, calls for the hiring of new workers at the plant. It also leaves seniority rules for skilled trades workers intact and provides thousands of dollars in back pay for workers to settle grievances. I regret we did have to call a strike here, said UAW regional director Ron Gettlefinger in Indianapolis. I'm hoping other General Motors plants I'm responsible for will heed the seriousness of local agreements. The Indianapolis strike shut off shipments of fenders, doors, hoods and oher steel body panels to nine of GM's North American light truck plants. By the weekend, parts shortages due to the strike had caused GM to shut down truck plants in Fort Wayne, Ind., Shreveport, La., Moraine, Ohio and Linden, N.J. Including the strikers at Janesville and Indianapolis, the UAW walkouts had idled over , workers, in addition to , GM workers still on layoff because of lingering parts shortages from a three week Canadian Auto Workers strike that ended Oct. . UAW officials said stamping operations would resume Sunday night, with the plant back to full production by Monday, but that may not prove soon enough to keep other plants from running out of parts, including GM's full size pickup truck plant in Pontiac, Mich., which employs nearly , people. Other threatened plants that receive parts from Indianapolis are located in Flint, Mich., Oshawa, Ontario and Silao, Mexico. On Saturday, UAW President Stephen Yokich put GM on notice that some of the automaker's GM's other locals may go on strike over lack of progress in local negotiations. A clearer picture of the UAW GM national agreement, which covers some , U.S. hourly workers, began to emerge Sunday. The contract meets the pattern set by Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. on most major issues, including a guarantee that GM will maintain jobs for percent of its current hourly work force. But the pact contains exceptions that will allow GM to sell some unprofitable parts plants, including a door hinge plant in Flint, Mich., and an interior trim plant in Livonia, Mich. On economics, the pact gives wokers a , bonus in the first year of the contract, followed by percent raises in the second and third years of the contract. It also provides generous gains in pension benefits, including the elimination of a cap on outside earnings for retirees, which is viewed as a major incentive for older workers to leave the company. Like Ford and Chrysler, GM will be able to pay workers in new auto parts businesses that it enters a lower wage than the standard an hour paid by the Big Three. GM has been trying to shed parts businesses as it tries to catch up to Chrysler's and Ford's efficiency levels. But analysts say the pact could slow GM's progress in trying to shrink its work force through attrition. GM is not going to get the competitive lift from labor in this contract, said Eugene Jennings, a retired Michigan State University professor of management who is close to Detroit's Big Three automakers. They have to find enough efficiencies to support excess labor. 