 Com Corp. stock lost more than a quarter of its value Monday after the computer networking equipment maker said its fiscal third quarter earnings will be less than Wall Street had expected. Com, the nation's second largest networking vendor, also had to respond to rising competition from PC component powerhouse Intel Corp. by sharply cutting prices of its so called ethernet network products, from which it derives percent of its revenue. The move fuelled even more concern among investors about Com's earnings outlook in coming quarters, and some analysts said they expect a further drop in technology stocks. Stock in Com, based in Santa Clara, Calif., fell . to . in Nasdaq trading of more than million shares, making the stock the most active in U.S. markets. This goes beyond just the third quarter for Com, said Martin Pyykkonen, an analyst at brokerage Furman Selz. I think it's going to spread from here, said David Takata, an analyst with Gruntal amp Co. The networking sector has been the leader in technology for three years. Com said for the quarter ending Feb. it will report earnings per share in a range from the mid s to low cents a share. Wall Street expected Com to earn cents per share, according to a recent survey by First Call, which tracks analyst estimates. A year earlier, Com earned cents a share, or . million. Com said third quarter revenues will reach million to million, missing analyst forecasts by at least million. Com makes electronic devices that shuffle information between PCs operating in a network. The company gets about percent of its revenue from ethernet adapter cards graham cracker sized devices that plug into PCs to link them with networks. Last week, Intel, the world's biggest maker of PC components, cut prices of its line of fast ethernet cards sharply. The reduction forced Com to announce its own sharp price cuts Monday, fuelling concern about the company's revenue in coming quarters. Intel rocked Com off its solid foundation, said Carl Howe, senior analyst at market researcher Forrester Research Inc. They hit Com's cash cow. In the next few years, Intel potentially could incorporate networking functions into its computer chips, eliminating the need for seperate networking products, analysts said. Meanwhile, Intel will use its huge manufacturing facilities and its cost benefit to undercut Com in ethernet prices, analysts said. Pyykkonen said Intel could elbow aside networking suppliers, just as it knocked down suppliers of sound and video components by making multimedia functions a built in feature of its microprocessors. There's no reason why networking can't go the way of PCs, Pyykkonen said. Com's shortfall projection prompted several Wall Street analysts to slash their ratings on Com stock to hold or neutral. The tone of Com's business remains weak, said William Rabin, analyst at J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., who cut Com to market performer from buy. Com's earnings forecast also raised concerns about the entire networking industry, whose revenue has been growing about percent annually. Com's woes are a sign that industry growth is finally slowing. Everyone is not only more on edge about Com's numbers but also whether they need to change the revenue picture in the longer term. The drop in Com prompted declines in stocks in other network stocks, as well as makers of personal computers, computer chips and software. Another major network equipment company, Cisco Systems Inc. saw its stock drop . to on Nasdaq. Ascend Communications Inc., another closely watched networking stock, fell . to . , also on Nasdaq. Bay Networks Inc. fell . cents to . , and Cabletron Systems Inc. fell . to , both on the New York Stock Exchange. Intel also dropped, losing . to . on Nasdaq. 