Russia's Gazprom natural gas monopoly plans to double exports to Europe by , mostly via its ambitious billion Yamal pipeline project, but energy analysts said the timing could be wrong. There's a market problem with oversupply in Europe , and the cost of developing the Yamal field will be too high, said a senior European energy specialist familiar with the project. Europe is at saturation level for the next years or so, so Gazprom is years too early. The Yamal Europe project envisions building a gas pipeline network across , km , miles from Russia's vast Arctic Yamal peninsula reserves to Germany via Belarus and Poland. Gazprom wants to take advantage of rising European demand. To help raise capital for Yamal, RAO Gazprom is offering American Depositary Shares as part of a plan to sell a total nine percent stake abroad. Europe can hardly wait for this project, said Alexander Litvinov, Gazprom's chief public relations specialist. A company statement said The company faces significant requirements for capital expenditures. The Yamal system, to be built in stages and linking with existing pipelines in some places, would have an initial capacity of billion cubic metres bcm per year, including around bcm to Western Europe. Gazprom said the Yamal Europe pipeline would boost Russia's export capacity to billion bcm by and bcm by . Sales outside the former Soviet Union were . bcm in . The company wants annual exports to rise by bcm by . Gazprom has won big Western credits to build European parts of the Yamal link into Poland's grid and Belarus, but it has not won financing for the main part of the system or to boost output at Yamal itself, which it hopes to begin doing by . Pierre Bauquis, special adviser to the president of French company Total SA, told an energy conference in the Kazakh capital Almaty last week that Russia had huge gas reserves but big financial constraints. Yamal is not needed before , he said. He said netbacks a key indicator of profitability on Yamal gas to Germany today were negative, so Yamal is not obvious from an economic standpoint. Gazprom sees Yamal as the goose that will lay the golden egg, since the area has recoverable reserves of , bcm, or percent of Russia's total proven reserves. But Yamal gas, some under permafrost, is in a remote area and is quite expensive to recover. Some analysts say it may be cheaper to tap and transport Algerian and Norwegian gas to European markets than to extract Yamal gas in the volumes and time frame Gazprom plans. Russian gas already accounts for percent of Europe's total gas imports. Russia has more than one third of world gas reserves and percent of output, and is the world's single largest producer, with output of bcm last year. Gazprom accounts for percent of Russian gas output and transports nearly all of it. The firm wants output to rise to bcm a year by . Russia exports only percent of its output, and declining industrial consumption at home has left Russia with an oversupply. Europe is also flush with supplies, though demand is set to rise. The fact that Gazprom does not have its own financing for Yamal and that it has not been able to find domestic or foreign financing for the main part of the project speaks quite negatively about its economics, said the European source. 