Russia's oil industry earned higher export revenues from booming world prices in but has started increasingly worried about the slow pace of recovery in demand at home, energy analysts said on Wednesday. Domestic producers, taking advantage of international oil prices which soared about percent in to their highest in six years, jammed crude oil export outlets last year. But analysts said that while companies would continue to try to sell as much as possible abroad, higher demand at home Russian oil's main future customer was not yet in sight. Eugene Khartukov of Moscow's independent World Energy Analysis and Forecasting Group and the International Centre for Petroleum Business Studies said could show either a recovery in output or yet another slide. It's possible we will see stabilisation and possibly even some growth but it all depends on what the government does with taxes and the production sharing law, he said. Russian crude oil output in could rise to . million barrels per day bpd from the estimate of . million bpd and would probably not dip below that level, he added. That could mean a significant turnaround for the world's third largest oil producer, which has seen output nearly halved since its Soviet era peak of . million bpd and is still struggling to slow the pace of decline. The Fuel and Energy Ministry, which has not finished compiling results, said in December that crude oil and gas condensate output over January November had slipped two percent to . million tonnes. Exports of about one third of Russia's output jumped . percent year on year over the same period to . million tonnes, it said. But producers used the extra cash to pay off debts and wage arrears, not to rehabilitate wells or drill new ones. Deputy Fuel and Energy Minister Garipov said in December that Russia conducted no exploration for new oilfields last year for the first time since World War Two an unsettling sign since most of Russia's easy oil has already been produced. We believe that the general trend is stabilisation but that it will differ from company to company, said Maxim Shashenkov, a Russia analyst at Merrill Lynch in London. But further growth is constrained by limits in domestic demand and export capacities, he said, adding that higher export earnings had not underwritten the giant cost of structural transformation needed in the Russian industry. Khartukov said bottlenecks in export outlets and flat demand from industrial consumers meant the Russian market was in fact oversupplied with crude oil and oil products for most of . To increase output which can't be disposed of on the domestic market or be exported due to bottlenecks is crazy, he said, adding that oil companies could have technically produced an additional , to , bpd in but elected not to. Russian wholesale producer prices for crude oil are a mere percent of world levels and reach only percent after tariffs and transport costs are tacked on. Khartukov said crude oil exports would at least equal 's . million bpd this year and possibly hit . million and refinery throughput would be flat at around . million bpd. But he also said Moscow's political and economic uncertainties could wreak havoc in the industry, adding It's a big crazy mixture of unpredictable things. Moscow Newsroom, 