Stock in Canada's big banks tumbled on the Toronto Stock Exchange on Tuesday after a Canadian brokerage cut its recommendations on the high flying bank group. CIBC Wood Gundy, a unit of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, cut its ratings on four of the so called Big Six banks. Montreal based National Bank of Canada, the smallest of the six major banks, received the only buy recommendation. We are lowering our recommendations on the group of Canadian bank stocks, moving from three buys to only one buy, said CIBC Wood Gundy analyst Mark Maxwell. Canadian bank stocks have soared to all time highs in recent months, with Toronto's bank index up percent in . But the group's valuation multiples are now averaging . times book value closing the gap between Canadian bank stocks and their U.S. counterparts, Maxwell said in a report to institutional investors. Toronto's financial services group plummeted points, or . percent, in heavy trading on Tuesday. Bank of Montreal, which Maxwell reduced to hold from accumulate, fell C . . to C . . on . million shares. Bank of Nova Scotia dropped C . . to C . . on , shares after Maxwell recommended investors reduce their Scotiabank holdings. Royal Bank of Canada, which was cut to accumulate from buy, surrendered C . . to C . on . million shares. Canada's biggest bank is the group's valuation leader with a multiple of . times book value, Maxwell said. CIBC dropped C . . to C . on , shares. Maxwell did not assign a ranking to CIBC. Toronto Dominion Bank sank C . cents to C . on volume of . million shares after it was lowered to accumulate from buy. Of the five largest banks, our top pick would remain TD Toronto Dominion , since it is most likely to continue to exercise its share repurchase programme, even at current multiples, reflecting its superior capital strength, Maxwell said. National Bank of Canada fell cents Canadian cents to C . on . million shares despite having the only buy recommendation of the group. But some stock strategists remained bullish on Canadian banks. They said the group was still popular among foreign investors seeking to jump into the Canadian market, lured by interest rates at year lows and a recovering economy. Foreigners are attracted to Canadian investments and one of the best areas they can participate in is the banking sector, said Ira Katzin, an investment advisor with RBC Dominion Securities. 