Bank of Montreal, Canada's third biggest bank, said Tuesday annual profits soared past C billion million as it kicked off the fourth quarter earnings reporting season for the country's largest banks. The Toronto based bank, which has operations in Canada, the United States and Mexico, said net income jumped . percent to C . billion million in the year ended Oct. . The bank's return on equity, a key measure of profitability, rose to percent from . percent last year. These results represent the seventh consecutive year of record earnings and the seventh consecutive year return on equity was over percent, Chairman Matthew Barrett said in a statement. Bank of Montreal is the third bank to break through the C billion threshold in recent years, following the Royal Bank of Canada and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. The bank attributed the record earnings to higher fees, volume growth in Canada and the United States and the impact of acquiring a percent stake in Mexico's Grupo Financiero Bancomer SA de CV. About percent of the Bank of Montreal's total income came from operations outside of Canada in fiscal . Net income from its U.S. operations, where the bank owns Chicago based Harris Bankcorp Inc., rose percent to C million million . Earnings from Mexico rose percent to C million million . Other international businesses contributed C million million to the bank's bottom line, up percent from . Speaking to reporters, Barrett said the bank should meet or exceed percent growth in annual earnings per share going forward. There is sufficient counter cyclicality built into the range of businesses and range of geographies that we're operating in now that we continue to feel that we would be able to maintain that percent EPS growth or better in the years ahead, Barrett said. The bank's earnings were generally in line with estimates. Fourth quarter earnings rose to C . cents a share from cents cents in the same period in . They were a little weaker than what I was looking for, but pretty much in line for intents and purposes, said Kevin Choquette, an analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc. Choquette had forecast fourth quarter earnings of C . cents a share. Improved credit quality also contributed to the bank's strong performance. It's provision for credit losses fell to C million million in from C million million in . Barrett told reporters that the bank will plan for a credit loss provision of C million in . We'll stick with that until we are six months into the year and see how the credit cycle shakes out, he said. Bank of Montreal's stock closed down C . cents to C . cents in heavy turnover of . million shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The recent rally in Canadian bank stocks pushed Bank of Montreal's return on investment up . percent in , compared to a percent gain last year. Despite today's weakness in Bank of Montreal shares, the TSE's banks and trusts index climbed points to a new high of . . 