Bank of Nova Scotia, Canada's fourth largest bank, joined a once exclusive club on Wednesday, reporting its first C billion annual profit. The Toronto based bank said net income jumped percent to C . billion in the year ended October . It also rewarded shareholders with a C . increase in its quarterly dividend to C . a share, its second dividend hike of . Scotiabank's financial results exceeded our targets once again in , chairman and chief executive Peter Godsoe said in a statement. Scotiabank was the fourth of Canada's Big Six banks to break the C billion threshold. Bank of Montreal posted a record C . billion profit on Tuesday when it kicked off the Canadian banking group's year end reporting season. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce joined the club last year, following Royal Bank of Canada in . Godsoe said all of Scotiabank's main business lines contributed to its record performance, including personal, corporate and investment banking. Improved credit quality also contributed to the bank's bottom line. Return on equity, a key measure of profitability, rose to . percent in from . percent last year. The bank's fourth quarter earnings were slightly better than the average of analysts' estimates. Earnings rose to C . a share in the three months ended October from C . in the same period in . The consensus forecast from analysts was C . or C . a share. They are strong and probably surprising, one industry analyst said. Other analysts said the results were in line with their expectations. Susan Cohen, an analyst with Deacon Capital Corp, had forecast C . per share in the fourth quarter. They were right in line, Cohen said, adding that the bank's loan losses and the dividend increase were expected. Scotiabank stock rose . to . in mid afternoon turnover of , shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Among other financial highlights Net interest income rose percent to C . billion in , due mostly to strong growth in earning assets across all business lines. The bank also posted securities gains of C million in , versus gains of C million in . The cost of funding impaired loans also fell due to lower interest rates and a drop in the level of impaired loans. Other income jumped percent to C . billion in . The bank attributed the increase to stronger revenues from electronic and card services and higher loan fees. With financial markets enjoying a prolonged rally in , the bank's full service and discount brokerage operations posted a percent jump in revenues. Non interest expenses grew by percent to C . billion, due mostly to performance related compensation and higher business volumes. Net impaired loans fell percent to C million in . Net impaired loans as a percentage of total loans and acceptances improved to . percent, their lowest since . Provision for credit losses dropped to C million in , down from C million last year. The bank's general provision remained at C million. Reuters Toronto Bureau 