Toronto Dominion Bank extended the run of record Canadian bank profits on Thursday with a percent jump in earnings and a dividend hike for its shareholders. Canada's fifth largest bank said net income climbed to C million in the year ended October from C million in . Bank of Montreal and Bank of Nova Scotia earlier this week posted record full year earnings. The strong results prompted TD Bank to boost its quarterly dividend by C . to C . a share. Bank of Nova Scotia raised its dividend by C . a share to C . a share on Wednesday. TD Bank said its performance reflected strong growth in other income, with significant gains in investment banking, brokerage and mutual fund businesses. The bank's loan loss provision also sank to its lowest level in more than a decade. With a solid financial performance and progress in developing our businesses, TD had a positive impact on the Canadian economy in , chairman and chief executive Richard Thomson said in a statement. Return on equity, a key measure of profitability, rose to . percent in from . percent last year. The bank's fourth quarter earnings were in line with analysts' estimates. Earnings rose to C . a share in the fourth quarter ended October from C . a share in the same period in . The consensus analysts' forecast was for C . a share in the fourth quarter. They were dead on expectations. The dividend increase was also expected, said Hugh Brown, an analyst with Nesbitt Burns Inc. Analysts said the revised loan loss provision was a surprise. The bank cut its provision to C million from a previous third quarter estimate of C million and from C million in . Net impaired loans in the fourth quarter fell C million to C million. This decline was largely due to improvement in real estate loans to corporate borrowers, the bank said. Net impaired loans as a percentage of total loans and acceptances dropped to . percent at year end. TD stock was up . to . on turnover of , shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange. TD hit a week high of . earlier in the session. TD president Charles Baillie said Canada's low interest rates should boost consumer confidence and economic activity in . That in turn was expected to increase demand for the bank's investment products. With the acceleration of growth in investment banking, brokerage, mutual funds, investment management and electronic banking services, TD is positioned to perform well in this environment, said Baillie. Reuters Toronto Bureau 