Profits at Canada's six big banks topped C billion . billion in , smashing last year's C . billion . billion record as Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and National Bank of Canada wrapped up the earnings season on Thursday. The six banks each reported a double digit jump in net income for a combined profit of C . billion . billion in fiscal ended Oct. . But a third straight year of record profits came amid growing public anger over perceived high service charges and credit card rates, and tight lending policies. Bank officials defended the group's performance, saying that millions of Canadians owned bank shares through mutual funds and pension plans. Shareholders of four of the six banks were rewarded with healthy dividend hikes this year. Our activities mean jobs, investment, tax revenue, dividend payments and foreign income for Canada's economy, CIBC chairman Al Flood said after the bank reported a percent jump in net income on Thursday. CIBC, Canada's second largest bank, said net income climbed to C . billion billion in fiscal from C . billion million in . CIBC also boosted its quarterly dividend by C cents . cents to C cents cents , the second increase in . Bank of Nova Scotia, Toronto Dominion Bank and Royal Bank of Canada previously raised their payouts as well. Royal Bank, Canada's largest bank, reported the highest corporate profit in Canadian history on Wednesday, with net income rising percent to C . billion . billion . Bank of Nova Scotia and Bank of Montreal cracked the billion dollar barrier this year, joining CIBC and Royal Bank, which crossed the threshold in and respectively. National Bank, the smallest of the big six, posted a percent jump in net income to C million million this year. The banks attributed their performances to lower credit losses and healthy commercial and personal banking. Investment banking, brokerage and mutual fund businesses also enjoyed a banner year as financial markets soared in . Earnings at CIBC's Wood Gundy Inc. investment arm skyrocketed percent to C million million in . The group's earnings and dividend hikes were in line or slightly better than analysts' forecasts. It was good news and a fairly good outlook for in terms of earnings and dividends, said Hugh Brown, a banking analyst with investment dealer Nesbitt Burns Inc. Brown said he now had a more positive outlook for bank earnings in , saying Big Six profits may grow between and percent next year, up from previous growth forecasts of about percent. Bank stocks, which have led the Toronto Stock Exchange to new heights since September, fell on Thursday in tandem with the rest of the market. CIBC led the decline, dropping C . . to close at C in brisk trading. 