Stock in Canadian waste and transportation firm Laidlaw Inc. soared on Tuesday as investors and analysts applauded major moves in ambulance services and waste management worth over billion. While Laidlaw's stock hit new heights on the Toronto Stock Exchange, Chief Executive Officer James Bullock said the company was poised for strong growth with two huge deals announced after the market closed on Monday. In a bid to become North America's top ambulance operator, Laidlaw plans to acquire Colorado based American Medical Response Inc. in a . billion cash deal and merge it with its California based MedTrans ambulance services unit. In the other transaction, Laidlaw has signed a letter of intent to sell its South Carolina based Environmental Services unit for billion in cash, shares and debt to Rollins Environmental Services Inc. of Delaware. After that deal, Laidlaw will own percent of a new combined company, Laidlaw Environmental Services Inc., which will be the dominant player in North American hazardous waste management. The moves came a few weeks after Burlington, Ontario based Laidlaw completed the . billion sale of its solid waste management business to Allied Waste Industries Inc. of Arizona. Laidlaw's class B stock closed up C . . at a week high of C in heavy turnover of . million shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Laidlaw's class A stock rose C . . to a new high of C . . . We've got a share price target level of around C and C for the year and it will probably go higher when the dust settles, said Ira Katzin, an investment advisor with RBC Dominion Securities. American Medical Response jumped . to close at . on the New York Stock Exchange, while Rollins Environmental rose . cents to . , also on the NYSE. Analysts said the Rollins deal will further consolidate a fragmented industry and may improve prices for hazardous waste companies, which have been depressed in the past four to five years. The American Medical Response acquisition will also boost Laidlaw's presence in the fast growing health care transportation area. Strategically, it is quite wise, Bunting Warburg Inc. analyst Ted Larkin said in a telephone interview. The highest growth potential is with their transportation companies. They are also able to partially spin off the hazardous waste operations and also allow that company to regain a profile by listing on the New York Stock Exchange, Larkin said. With combined annual revenues of about . billion, the new American Medical will hold a percent share of the billion ambulance industry. It also gives Laidlaw access to related medical transport services, a billion market. Laidlaw CEO Bullock said American Medical will immediately boost Laidlaw's earnings, but he declined to give a specific forecast. Some analysts raised concerns that antitrust issues may hamper the American Medical deal, but Bullock said he did not foresee any problems with regulators. The transaction with Rollins Environmental will be neutral to Laidlaw's earnings in the near term while operations are consolidated. Bullock said staff levels may be reduced by percent to percent and facilities may be closed, leaving about facilities in the merged firm. The transition is expected to result in more efficient operations and savings of million annually. 