Royal Bank of Canada and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Canada's two largest banks, wrapped up the industry's third quarter profit parade on Thursday with sharply higher earnings. Royal Bank of Canada, the country's biggest bank, said income climbed percent to C million million in the three months ended July . CIBC, Canada's second largest bank, reported a percent jump in income to C million million . CIBC's earnings per share of C . . beat analysts' forecasts of around C . . a share. Royal Bank reported a C . . per share profit, in line with analysts' expectations. The results capped a strong quarter for the six major banks and put them on track for a third straight year of record annual profits. The group rang up a combined profit of C . billion . billion in the fiscal year ended Oct. . Soaring bank profits have sparked hostility from Canadian consumers who complain about high service fees and tight lending policies. In a bid to soften that criticism, the banks have taken to highlighting their tax bills and job creation efforts. For example, CIBC said it paid out more than C . . in taxes for every dollar earned so far this year. The group's public relations efforts may get easier next year when analysts predict earnings growth will start to tail off. In the third quarter, CIBC and Royal Bank gained from stronger loan volumes, higher brokerage and fee revenues and improving credit quality. Our solid performance this quarter reflects the continued strong contribution from our core businesses, CIBC chairman and chief executive officer Al Flood said in a statement. The bank's return on equity, a key measure of profitability, was . percent in the third quarter, up from . in the same quarter last year. Flood said CIBC's personal and commercial bank continued its strong performance this year. Recent strategic moves at CIBC's brokerage unit, CIBC Wood Gundy, are also paying off wth new financial products and high yield debt adding to the bank's bottom line. Stronger revenues from underwriting, capital markets and foreign exchange pushed non interest income up percent to C million million in the third quarter. Net interest income was up slightly to C . billion million in the third quarter. At Royal Bank, higher revenues from capital market, mutual fund and trading businesses pushed other income up percent to C million million . Net interest income climbed three percent to C . billion million , due mostly to higher asset volumes, lower impaired loans and proceeds from the sale of bonds. This quarter was marked by higher growth in residential mortgages and other loans, continued improvement in credit quality and stronger performances from a number of fee based businesses, said Royal Bank chairman John Cleghorn. Royal Bank's return on equity was . percent compared to . percent in the third quarter of . Despite the strong performance, shares in both banks finished weaker on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce fell C . . to C . . , while Royal Bank lost C . . to close at C . . 