Australia's second largest bank, Westpac Banking Corp Ltd, announced a . percent rise in net profit for the year on Tuesday, but warned that fierce competition would flatten profits in the year ahead. Everywhere you look and in every market we're in there's a lot of margin pressure, Westpac Managing Director Bob Joss told a news conference after the profit announcement. It will be tough to make a rise, he said when asked if profits for the year to September , would be flat. Westpac reported a net profit of A . billion for the year to September , , up . percent on , but this disguised a flat profit in the second half and was boosted by a sharp drop in bad debt charges for year. Bad debt charges fell to A million in , down sharply from A million in , a fall which Westpac said contributed about A million to the percent rise in pre tax and abnormals profit to A . billion. Joss said competition from non bank mortgage originators in the housing loan sector was a key factor pressuring margins. Mortgage originators such as Aussie Home Loans and RAMS have taken over percent of the mortgage market from the big banks including Westpac over the last two years, dragging home loan margins down from over basis points to just over points. Joss said Westpac would look to boost its own mortgage origination programme to help compete against the non banks and support its margins. Westpac has already launched one issue of securitised mortgages worth A million, the first of the major banks to do so. Joss said Westpac planned to multiply the size of such issues in the current year. The real key for us will be to try to manage our balance sheet, have more assets off balance sheets, more securitising of lower margin assets, he said. We just did one near the tail end of the year, A million, so we would expect to see quite a bit more in the year ahead, Joss said. When asked how much more than A million, he said Multiples of A million. Even then, Westpac would struggle to maintain its margin. Westpac reported in its accounts for the year that the group's net margin had fallen to basis points over the whole year, down from basis points over . Joss said the fall was already apparent towards the end of the year to September. At the tail end of the year, it's actually less than what you would have seen for the year, Joss said. He acknowledged Westpac would find it difficult to keep that margin from falling from points. Given the margin pressure, Westpac would continue to focus on increasing transaction and other fees to compensate. In such an environment, maintenance of overall net earnings growth will depend increasingly on attaining improvements in fee income generation, particularly non lending related fees and on improved efficiency of operations, Joss said in an earlier statement. He told the news conference he would like to see Westpac's efficiency ratio, which measures expenses to income, fall below percent from the . percent evident in . This ratio worsened during the year from . percent in , due largely to the costs of acquiring and restructuring the Western Australian based Challenge Bank and Trust Bank of New Zealand. Joss said rationalisations throughout Westpac over the next two years would help to lower costs, improve efficiency and therefore compensate somewhat for the slimmer margins. The bearish comments from Joss helped Westpac close cents lower at A . . Bernard Hickey Sydney Newsroom 