The Reserve Bank of Australia's RBA rate cut on Wednesday is expected to further squeeze bank margins as competition has forced them to pass this cut on to their mortgage customers sooner than usual. The major banks have previously delayed passing on the effect of official rate cuts to their variable rate home loan customers by around seven weeks. They would, however, often begin lowering variable and fixed deposit rates immediately, providing a temporary widening of their margins. Wednesday's rate cut has seen the major banks shorten this delay in passing on the rate cut to about five and half weeks. Analysts and some of the banks said increasing competition from non bank mortgage lenders and the regional banks had been the major factor in this contraction. They also said they expected this gap to narrow further when further official rate cuts are made next year. The implication is a bit more pressure on margins, said ABN AMRO Hoare Govett banking analyst Michael Pulman. This all about competition, he said. These competitive forces will end up contracting it down further, possibly down to days, said Aussie Home Loans managing director John Symond. Aussie, the biggest of the non bank lenders funded by mortgage origination, said on Wednesday it would cut its variable rate to . percent from . percent from January for existing customers, a gap of days after December . At the time of the last official rate cut on November , Aussie planned a gap of days, which was lower than most of the banks. In response to Aussie and competition from regional banks like St George Bank Ltd, the large banks have cut back this delay. National Australia Bank Ltd said it would cut its variable mortgage rate to . percent from . percent from January for existing borrowers, a gap of days. After the last official rate cut NAB's gap was days. In line with this trend, Westpac Banking Corp's gap has dropped to days from days and Commonwealth Bank of Australia's gap has dropped to days from . The Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd has yet to announce any cut in variable mortage rates in response to the RBA's cut in the official cash rate to . percent from . percent. The biggest move in the gap came from St George, which reduced the time it would pass on the rate cut for its major variable rate product to days from days. St George has even said existing customers of its no frills variable rate product would receive the cut from December , a week away. This product provides percent of its portfolio. Overall the average gap for the banks who have cut their mortgage rates has dropped to days after this rate cut from after the November cut, which was also by basis points. There may, however,be a limit to how much further this gap can fall, analysts and the banks said. A new regulatory code on credit specifies customers must be given days notice whenever their interest rates are changed, creating an artificial barrier both up and down. I think days will about see it out, said Aussie's Symond. Analysts said the banks may try other tactics to cushion the effect of this reduction in the gap, but that it would still further reduce already bruised margins. It will have an effect on margins, said BNP Equities' banking analyst Linda Lyon. They'll do all sorts of other things to cushion the effect. They'll be trying to reduce their deposit rates as far and as fast as they can, said ABN AMRO's Mike Pulman. But there's obviously a bit of a squeeze there, particularly for those banks most exposed to the housing sector, Pulman said. CBA is seen as the most exposed with about percent of its assets in home loans, with Westpac next on percent and NAB and ANZ on about percent. The big bank's margins on home loans have already declined this year from about three percent in June to about . percent now. Sydney Newsroom 