Australasian food group Goodman Fielder Ltd is expected to report a slightly higher annual net profit before abnormals early on Thursday, as firmer margins in some areas are seen largely offset by higher grain costs. I'll be looking for some margin growth, but also there's been some strong raw materials cost increases, one Sydney analyst said, adding he was forecasting a pre abnormals net profit of just under A million. The median forecast in BZW Australia's Barceps survey of analysts was for a A . million pre abnormals net profit for the year to June , . Forecasts ranged from A . million to A . million, compared with the A . million profit posted in . There'll be a big impact from the grain prices in the second half and going into the first half of this year , another Sydney analyst said, estimating extra grain costs of about A million. But analysts expected the cost of grain, a major input in Goodman's breadmaking and chicken operations, would ease back later in calendar . The higher grain costs were likely to have been offset somewhat in the second half of by lower packaging and palm oil costs, some analysts said. Profit expectations are in a tight band in part because of Goodman's own comments about the result in early August. Goodman chief executive David Hearn said then that the pre abnormal profit would be around A million. We're saying that there will be a small increase in pre abnormal profit in the percent range from last year and since we made A million last year, zero to five means somewhere between A and A million, Hearn said. Goodman then also announced it would post abnormal losses of up to A million in , including a revaluation of its loss making poultry operations. This would produce a net profit after abnormals of around A million, Hearn said then. Analysts said however most of the interest would be centred on Goodman's strategic plans for recovery from its profit slump of recent years. Goodman Fielder shares closed down a cent at A . on Wednesday. Sydney Newsroom 