Global media group News Corp Ltd must report a sharply higher second quarter profit on Thursday or it will fail to achieve its percent growth target for the year, analysts said. News Corp is expected to report a second quarter net profit before abnormals of between A million US . million and A million, taking first half net profits to between A million and A million. This compares with A million in the first quarter and would be up percent from the A million posted in the first half of . Analysts said strong receipts from the box office hit alien movie Independence Day and firm U.S. television revenue would be the driving factors in the stronger result. They said the market was demanding News put out a strong second quarter figure after a series of below expectation results. The analysts said the extent of any fall in the price of News Corp shares would depend on how far earnings fell short of expectations but they did not quantify any expected drop. News' first half must be around to percent better if Rupert Murdoch's group is to achieve its August forecast of a percent improvement in profits in from the A . billion achieved in . They are going to have to get a move on in this quarter if they're going to achieve that percent, said one senior analyst on Tuesday. If they can't get a decent rise for the quarter, people are going to panic, the analyst told Reuters. Analysts said they expected revenues from Australian newspapers and magazines and the Ansett airline operation to remain weak in the second quarter. First Pacific analyst Lachlan Drummond said he expected Independence Day revenues to be the major factor in the stronger result. Television is also one area where there's room for some upside, Drummond said. He is forecasting A million for the second quarter. Analysts also said a good result was likely because News was due to give a big presentation to analysts and investors on February in Los Angeles and would be reluctant to disappoint them before that. That's got everyone believing that they won't have a bad result, Drummond said. The market would also watch the results commentary closely for a repeat of the percent growth forecast. Executive chairman and founder Rupert Murdoch repeated the forecast in October last year at the group's annual meeting in Adelaide. But analysts said company officials had been reluctant to repeat the forecast since then. News Corp shares ended one cent higher at A . on Tuesday A US . 