Rupert Murdoch's News Corp on Thursday reported a lower than expected profit for the first half of , but later told analysts it remained confident of a percent profit boost for the full year. Strong earnings from the hit movie Independence Day and buoyant British newspaper sales helped drive net profits before abnormals . percent higher to A million US million . Abnormal losses of A million cut final first half profits down to A million from A million a year earlier. But the result was below analyst forecasts of a pre abnormals profit of A million to A million. Everyone's a bit disappointed, said a Sydney analyst. Andrew Sekely, the head of equities at broker Intersuisse, described the result as moderate. It certainly wasn't a startingly good result. The market has made its judgement, Sekely said. News' shares fell cents to A . after the result, but closed in Australia at A . . It's about A million less than what the market would have liked and to still reach that percent profit growth outlook, it's got to make up the difference in the second half, the Sydney analyst said. News Corp had said in August last year when it posted a A . billion net profit for the year to June , that it expected strong movie and television revenues to increase profits by at least percent in . Murdoch repeated the forecast in October, but the group has been publicly tight lipped about it since then and its first quarter results were also lower than expected. However, News Corp reassured the analysts in a teleconference briefing after the first half result, saying that it still expected percent profit growth for . They did say that they're still on track for the percent growth, another Sydney media analyst said after the briefing between company officials and U.S. and Australian analysts. Analysts said News Corp officials were bullish about catching up in the second half and had pointed to a strong outlook for movies and U.S. television and newspapers. Operating income from News' Fox Filmed Entertainment unit surged to A million for the first half of from A million a year earlier, due largely to Independence Day. Analysts said the re release of Star Wars and other films would help further boost movie revenues in the second half. Sharply lower television profits in the first half because of lower ratings from News' Fox television network and higher programming costs surprised analysts. But analysts expect a rebound in revenues from Fox television in the second half due to a successful Super Bowl broadcast and the new hit animated comedy King of the Hill. British newspaper profits rose percent in the first half, with gains in circulation revenues at The Sun, the Times and The Sunday Times, News Corp said. All of the company's newspapers have maintained their dominant position in each of their respective markets, despite cover price increases instituted during the quarter at both The Sun and The Times, the company said. Analysts said British newspapers would again perform well in the second half. Regardless of what's happening with volumes and prices, which are looking quite good, the relative position on paper prices is improving, said First Pacific media analyst Lachlan Drummond. In contrast, Australian newspapers posted only a slight increase in prodit in the first half reflecting a slow economy. While News Corp said losses at its burgeoning Asian satellite broadcaster Star TV in the first half were in line with expectations. A US . 