Chips stocks, especially those of PC related manufacturers, posted across the board gains Tuesday after the release of a monthly industry report showing robust demand in the North American semiconductor market. Also showing strength in early trading were stocks of companies that make programmable logic devices, including Altera Corp Lattice Semiconductor Corp and Xilinx Inc. I think most of the upside is still coming from the PC industry, said Nimal Vallipuram, a Bear Stearns chip analyst. I dont think this is information for an industry turnaround. The upswing in the industry ratio of chip bookings to orders rose to . in October from . in September, while expected to a degree, surprised analysts by its extent. The report was largely a sign of general industry health, as the ratio offers little insight into specific segments. Still, it lifted commodity chipmakers, which had stumbled badly recently, including Motorola Inc, up to and Texas Instruments Inc, up to . Microprocessor giant and industry flagship Intel Corp rose to , while PC graphics suppliers Chips and Technologies Inc swelled to and Trident Microsystems Inc gained to . The magnitude of the improvement was a surprise, but Wall Street has been expecting an improvement, said Mona Eraiba, semiconductor analysts at Gruntal amp Co. Among Eraiba's favorites are market niche players such as VLSI Technology Inc, up Tuesday to , National Semiconductor Corp, which nudged up only to and Lattice, up to . She also cited Motorola and Texas Instruments, which she considers to have relative upside potential based on the shellacking their stocks have taken in recent quarters. Vallipuram recommends Intel and Adaptec Inc, which makes PC interconnection devices. He also favors Xilinx and Altera, both up to and , respectively. Reflecting broad sector strength, the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index .SOXX of leading chip stocks gained nearly five points in early trading. At EST GMT, the index stood at . , up . percent on the day with stocks posting gains, two losing ground and two unchanged. Wall Street bureau, 