CompuServe Corp investors' fears were allayed Wednesday by parent company H amp R Block Inc's move to postpone plans to spin off the remaining percent interest in the ailing online service. Analysts said the looming innundation of the market by the . million CompuServe shares still held by H amp R Block had weighed heavily on prospects for the already troubled issue. I'm glad that H amp R Block came to their senses, said analyst Peter Krasilovsky of Arlen Communications. The analyst noted CompuServe has enough worries from sliding online membership counts and the failure of its new WOW consumer service to attract a following. It didn't need added pressure from the pending share distribuion. Other analysts hailed H amp R Block's decision to postpone indefintely a shareholder vote on its proposed spin off, but were concerned about what the move suggests for the future of stocks such as CompuServe and America Online Inc. A lot of the people are going to read that the online market is at a crossroads and pretty shaky, said one analyst of online providers who does not officially follow CompuServe. A lot of people are going to relate this to the online industy in general, he said of how CompuServe's troubles have acted as a weight on America Online's stock price, as well. But analysts said that while competition by Internet access providers may have played a part in slowing the growth of the established online service providers, most of CompuServe's problems remain unique and are not shared by AOL. CompuServe stock rose to Wedndesday, but H amp R Block fell to in active trading. America Online stock gained to by mid afternoon. The problems are percent CompuServe and percent due to general industry issues, said another Wall Street analyst. If anything there may be a bit of an industry shake out here. The Columbus, Ohio based online service has weathered difficult months since its debut as a separately traded stock. In April, H amp R Block spun off nearly percent to the public, retaining percent or so for eventual distribution to shareholders. Shares of the online service have slid from a first day high of to just above recently. In July, CompuServe surprised Wall Street with a warning that it expected a big loss for its first quarter ended July , its first as a publicly traded company. The company attributed the loss to the high costs of introducing its new WOW consumer online service and investing in an overhaul of its network infrastructure. It also cited a decline in overall subscriber growth as cancellations outpaced new customers. In response, CompuServe and H amp R Block were slapped with a shareholder lawsuit alleging the company had misrepresented the online service company's prospects for subscriber growth and profitability in its initial offering prospectus. When the company actually reported first quarter earnings August , it warned that investors to expect a further loss of . to . per share for the second quarter ending in October. It cited product introduction costs. Fearing it might be adding fuel to the fire, H amp R Block officials opted to delay the final CompuServe share distribution vote set for September until more favorable market conditions develop, Wall Street analysts said. America Online has had to contend with business issues of its own, including a price cut to remain competitive with rival Internet access providers and an embarrassing hour service blackout earlier this month. But analysts said that in contrast to CompuServe's falling subcriber rates, America Online has continued to grow, albeit at a slightly slower pace in the summer months. In contrast to CompuServe, they said America Online is poised to see strong membership growth in the coming quarters, and may in effect be taking customers away from CompuServe. The problems CompuServe is having are likely to benefit America Online in the next nine months, an analyst said. Eric Auchard, New York Newsdesk, 