VLSI Technology Inc expects flat to lower revenues for the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter's net revenues of . million, a spokesman for the company said. Allen Marcow, VLSI's vice president of corporate communications, confirmed that company executives had warned analysts in a conference call about the outlook on revenues. We did not see a lot of Q growth in revenues, Marcow told Reuters, referring to comments made to analysts. Marcow also said VLSI expects to see continued improvements from expense controls. He said gross profit margins would improve in due to a changing product mix. Analysts said the Friday afternoon conference call heightened concern about VLSI's fourth quarter results. Even before the call, worry about the data had caused the stock to fall sharply throughout the day. VLSI shares were down to at EST GMT. The stock was the most active Nasdaq issue, with nearly millions shares changing hands. The sell off began slowly this morning, then picked up steam ahead of the conference call, which began at EST GMT. The sharp decline in VLSI's stock followed the release of the company's results for the fourth quarter. The release came after the stock market close Thursday. The company reported a loss of . a share after a pre announced charge for closing a factory. On an operating basis, earnings of . a share were in line with the First Call consensus. But market sources said the report fell short of Wall Street's informal, whispered expectations for the fourth quarter, traditionally a strong one for the company. Merrill Lynch analyst Tom Kurlak, who listened in on the conference call, said he expected analysts' consensus estimate on VLSI earnings for fiscal to fall in the coming days to around . per share. Kurlak said two main negatives drove the stock down Friday projected flatness in first quarter revenues, and a delayed reaction to the Wednesday resignation of VLSI Chief Financial Officer Gregrory Hinckley. Hinckley left to join Mentor Graphics Corp as finance chief and chief operating officer. He was replaced at VSLI by Bala Iyer, the company's former controller. Kurlak also said product orders for the company had declined in the fourth quarter. We are not setting up for momentum in the first half, he said, referring to the company's sales momentum heading into . On a more upbeat note, Kurlak said he expected the company to see gross margins rise slightly in the first quarter to around . percent from . percent in the fourth quarter. As a result, the analyst said he still forecasts that earnings will grow sequentially in the first quarter to . a share, compared to operating earnings of . reported for the forth quarter. 