In another sign of Britain's slow retreat from Hong Kong before its handover to China, the British army on Friday packed up its radio station literally into a shipping container. Britain departs its colony of more than years at midnight on June and the British Forces Broadcasting Service BFBS plans to keep broadcasting until the very last moment, but not from its old studio in military headquarters. In an informal ceremony to the tones of a lone bagpiper, Commodore Peter Melson, chief of staff of the British forces in the territory, declared the new BFBS station open in a standard foot container. The air conditioned container sits alongside an office block at the Prince of Wales Barracks on Hong Kong's harbour front and comes replete with disc jockey, studio equipment and soundproof styrofoam walls. It works Melson declared to reporters as he stepped out of the container commissioned for use in Saudi Arabia during the Gulf War after a token inspection. A staff of who used to occupy two proper studios at the barracks will keep the station going until the handover although the shack , as it is called by its users, itself will be loaded on the supply and troop ship Sir Percivale on June . The extension to the Hong Kong Convention Centre, where the grand handover ceremony will be held, can be seen from container's sole window. I'm sure there'll be something in the last hours. It's not something we'll let go easily, not after so long, Melson said. BFBS, with a network of other stations, has operated since in Hong Kong, where it hit a peak staff strength of in . It broadcasts non stop news and programmes from Britain. The British army has been packing up since last year, leaving only a skeletal force just before the handover. Melson said BFBS has been more than a mere radio station to the garrison in the territory. It's meant an awful lot over the years, having our own radio station in Hong Kong. It's something we've been able to relate to, to talk to, have requests from loved ones at home. 