Leaders of Colombia's three largest labour federations said on Monday they would not sign a new wage and price control pact with bosses and the government, and warned could be a year of serious social unrest. They condemned the annual social pact, first introduced by President Ernesto Samper in , as a way of forging ahead with neoliberal policies at the expense of workers, and said such a model would fuel political polarisation in . The social pact reflects neoliberal logic and aims to pay workers less in order to make industry more competitive. The pact is a corporatist tactic that does not serve the interests of the people, said Luis Eduardo Garzon, chairman of the Unitary Workers' Confederation CUT , the country's largest labour organisation. Following internal elections in November, left wingers led by Communist Party members like Garzon seized overall control of the CUT from Liberal and Conservative Party moderates, who had bowed to previous government demands to sign a pact. This year's pact agreed to a . percent wage hike for workers based on an inflation target of percent. But while salaries were kept within strict limits, the cost of goods and services spiralled, pushing inflation to almost percent in the first months of a . percent drop in real wages in the year to date. The central bank last week set a inflation target of percent. The government, employers and union leaders were due to meet on Wednesday for another round of discussions on the social pact. The government has put the economy on a war footing to combat crime and subversion. If that continues I think there's a grave risk of further polarisation of political forces in and we will be in for a very difficult time, Garzon said. Cervulo Bautista, of the general secretariat of the Christian Democrat influenced General Confederation of Democratic Workers CGTD , also warned of worsening labour relations in . We don't want to be accused of trying to bring down Samper's governmment but if the situation doesn't change we could be calling on the working classes for a nationwide stoppage, he said. The CUT, with , affiliates, and the CGTD, with about , members, said they would be looking for minimum wage increases of percent to make up for the real term erosion of salaries this year coupled with a productivity premium. The , strong Confederation of Colombian Workers CTC , normally loyal to Samper's Liberal Party, said it would be looking for wage rises of close to percent. Labour Minister Orlando Obregon was confident a social pact will be signed by Jan. , a spokeswoman said. About percent of the Colombian labour force is unionized. 