Colombian police said on Sunday they discovered a second multimillion dollar drug stash aboard a yacht owned by three Britons being held on cocaine smuggling charges stemming from a bust on the yacht in December. The three men Michael Hayne, , of Egham, Surrey, his son Stephen Alan Hayne, , of Ashford, Kent, and David Maurice Shaw, , of Oldham, Lancashire, were arrested on Dec. in the Caribbean coast port of Barranquilla and were being held on cocaine smuggling charges. At the time, officials of the state security force DAS discovered more than pounds kg of highly pure cocaine aboard their U.S. registered boat Perla del Mar Sea Pearl . In a more exhaustive search, conducted over the weekend, police turned up another pounds kg of cocaine stowed away in the vessel's waste water tanks. A DAS chief estimated the street value of the first haul at million. Police declined on Sunday to speculate on the overall value of the illicit consignment. The drugs were coated with a mixture of burned oil and coffee, which masks the smell and makes it more difficult for sniffer dogs to detect, a Barranquilla police spokesman said. The Britons were being held in custody in Barranquilla's El Modelo jail. They could not be contacted on Sunday. In a phone conversation in December, Michael Hayne told Reuters the situation had been a huge mix up and hoped everything would be straightened out soon. DAS officials said Hayne, whose passport was issued by the British Embassy in Spain, and his son had entered Colombia illegally from Venezuela. Shaw entered Colombia legally his passport had been issued by the British High Commission in Trinidad. A spokeswoman for the regional prosecutor's office said the men could face between four and years behind bars if convicted of the smuggling charges. Colombian laws on drug trafficking are frequently seen as lax compared to standards in Britain and the United States. The country's cocaine kings Gilberto and Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela, heads of the once mighty Cali drug cartel were sentenced days ago. The brothers admitted running a vast international criminal empire for more than years and arranging the shipment of almost tonnes of cocaine into the United States thought to be just a fraction of the real amount they sent. They received jail terms that could in practice let them walk free in just five years. 