Colombia will announce cuts in coffee exports next week under the terms of a beefed up retention plan recently agreed by members of the Association of Coffee Producing Countries ACPC , coffee czar Jorge Cardenas said on Thursday. The head of the National Coffee Growers' Federation also said Colombia's internal coffee price would be raised in view of recent gains in international markets. He did not, however, say when the hike would take effect nor what the percentage rise would be. In the provinces, meanwhile, coffee growers are becoming increasingly worried about potential crop damage caused by recent torrential downpours, which meteorologists say have pushed rainfall levels up to percent higher than the seasonal average. Weather forecasters say the outlook for February is just as bad. Under terms of the ACPC deal hammered out in Rio de Janeiro on Jan. , member nations will slash back total exports by . million bags in the first half of from the original target of . million bags set in May. One million bags of that will be robusta but arabica producing countries, like Colombia, agreed to rein back , bags of exports in solidarity. Cardenas declined to specify what proportion of the cut would correspond to Colombia. The cuts will respond to production conditions and the export situation in each individual country. We will be announcing the cuts this will imply for Colombia next week, Cardenas told Reuters. As speculation grew this week that the federation would announce the rise in internal coffee prices at its first meeting of the year Friday, Jan. , private exporters complained of short supplies. Intermediaries and producers have increased prices to scandalous levels in anticipation of a rise in the internal coffee price. Some are just holding on and won't even sell. In some cases prices are up by as much as percent, said Alvaro Ramirez of Cargill exporters. In view of the situation in external markets, we will of course have to raise the internal price of coffee, Cardenas said. We will do the projections and take the decision on the basis of that, he said. The federation cut internal coffee prices by , pesos per kg load to , after a turbulent coffee growers' congress on Dec. . The move aimed to reduce the deficit of the Coffee Fund, an organization administered by the federation which buys all Colombian coffee at a pre agreed support price. The cut was achieved by withdrawing a , peso premium, paid in the form of a bond instead of cash, which had been introduced to compensate for the poor outlook for coffee in the calendar year. The good news on the internal price front, however, is taking a back seat to the recent weather problems. In the southwest and Andean regions, and particularly the coffee growing region, rainfall has been as much as percent higher than normal, said Leonardo Rivera, meteorologist at the national weather center IDEAM. These conditions will be prolonged and we're likely to see similar levels of rainfall through February, he added. January and February are normally dry months in Colombia. But the torrential rains this year have been caused by a cooling in the surface temperature of the Pacific ocean, known as the La Nina effect conditions not seen for at least the last years. Coffee growers say the rains are delaying the flowering period and fear the main harvest, which normally begins in October, could either be very late or that a part could be lost entirely. Cardenas said it was too early to predict what the impact of the weather could be on crop levels but said federation technicians were drawing up a detailed report, which they hoped to issue in mid February. Bogota newsroom, 