China's private sector has become an important source of jobs for workers laid off by loss making state enterprises and officials said on Thursday the jobless were able to find work despite fears of rising unemployment. In , the private sector hired . million workers made redundant from state and collectively owned enterprises, an official of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce said in a telephone interview. The official also noted a shift in the type of staff being employed by private enterprise as China's fastest growing sector expands and modernises. Before, employees were mainly peasants and young jobless, the administration official said. But in the last two years, the number of those employed after leaving state enterprises has increased, he said. And there will be a bigger increase in employment of this type of worker in the next couple of years. The main reason that workers were attracted to the sink or swim world of private enterprise from the jobs for life system in state firms was high wages, he said. China's private companies and self employed accounted for a total of million jobs, or six percent of China's employed workers, at the end of , he said. China had , private companies and . million self employed workers at the end of compared with none in , when paramount leader Deng Xiaoping launched his market oriented economic reforms. Many had found jobs in Shenyang, at the heart of China's rust belt and a city groaning with money losing state firms, the official said. The city had found jobs for , laid off workers in the last two years. In Shanghai, more than , redundant state workers had created their own businesses or found jobs in private firms. The administration official said private enterprise had averaged growth of percent to percent a year over the past three years, although that was expected to slow to about percent over the next few years. An official of the Ministry of Personnel said state enterprises had shed more than . million workers in recent years, many of them helped to find work by their former employers or through fledgling labour markets. China's urban unemployment rate was . percent at the end of June, up by . percent from the same time last year, official figures show. However, official media have warned that the actual rate could soar to . percent by . Nine out of people entering the job market have found jobs through the new labour markets since , the Xinhua news agency quoted an official of the Ministry of Personnel as saying. The few who still enjoy the state's iron rice bowl in terms of assigning jobs include demobilised soldiers and college graduates. At the start of , China had more than , employment service organisations, which offered jobs to more than million people last year, the official said. 