The flotation price of the Halifax Building Society is expected to materialise at the high end of an estimate prepared by the Society's bankers last month, banking analysts said on Friday. Deutsche Morgan Grenfell, the Halifax's investment banking advisers, set a price range for the June float of between and pence which would produce a market capitalisation of between . billion and billion stg. The valuation of billion stg is right in line with our expectations, said Peter Toeman, banking analyst at ABN AMRO Hoare Govett. Other analysts were in agreement but some expect the price on flotation day to be higher, saying that today's figures look a little conservative. Based on a earnings per share figure of or pence, a share price of around pence or even pence would seem to fit, said John Leonard, banking analyst at Salomon Brothers. Analysts tend to use a comparison with Abbey National Plc to do their calculations. Abbey is the only building society to have converted so far, it became a bank in , and still makes percent of its money from its core mortgage and deposit activity, according to Rob Thomas, building societies analyst at UBS. The Halifax makes about percent of its income from its core activities and looks set to expand vigorously into other areas like life and general insurance, long term savings and funds management. There's a good possibility that the Halifax will be rated higher than the Abbey when it comes to the market but the other societies will probably be lower, Thomas said. The Woolwich, Alliance amp Leicester and Northern Rock will join the Halifax in floating later this year. Thomas added that the prospective flotation levels of the societies will fluctuate broadly in line with movements in the Abbey's share price between now and the summer. Using the Abbey as a pointer is fine because banking sector valuations are pretty close together at around times earnings, except for Lloyds TSB, said David Poutney, analyst at Panmure Gordon. But there's nothing clever or scientific about it. Analysts agreed that one cloud on the horizon for potential shareholders may be the possibility of higher interest rates in Britain, especially after the general election which must be held by May . Currently, sterling strength is seen by some economists as keeping a lid on inflationary pressures and consequently rates, but there is a feeling that rates will have to rise. But analysts say a rise of basis points or more would be needed to seriously dent the banking sector and damage the summer's flotations. London Newsroom 