Britain's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax Building Society, said Friday its planned initial public offering in June could be worth as much as billion pounds billion . Unveiling a price range and details of share allocations to the society's members, Halifax Chief Executive Mike Blackburn said it will represent the largest single extension of private share ownership ever witnessed in the UK. The mutually owned Halifax, with assets of over billion pounds . million , said flotation adviser Deutsche Morgan Grenfell had estimated a share price of between and pence . to . per share if the IPO had taken place on Dec. . This equals a market worth of between . billion . billion and billion pounds . billion , and analysts expect the final outcome to be at the top end of this range given the recent positive performance of the most comparable stock in the market, former mortgage banker Abbey National Plc. The valuation of billion pounds is right in line with our expectations, said Peter Toeman, banking analyst at ABN AMRO Hoare Govett. Other analysts agreed and many expect the price on flotation day to be higher, saying that Friday's figures looked a little conservative. The Halifax said each qualifying member will receive a basic allocation of shares in a flotation of . billion shares. The Halifax has . million investing members and two million borrowing members. Of these, there is an overlap , , which means that the Society is sending out a total of around . million voting packs. Investing members will also get a variable share allocation depending on how much money they had in their accounts on particular dates. This will range from shares to a maximum of , for those with , pounds , or more. At its special general meeting on Feb. , over percent of the investing members must vote in favour of the proposal or it will fail. The society has started a huge advertising campaign to encourage members to vote. The Halifax is expected to be in the top companies by market capitalisation in the FTSE index of blue chip firms and is sure to threaten Abbey's position as Britain's fifth largest publicly owned bank. It said it sees room for huge expansion in the British insurance and long term savings sectors. We'll focus on the UK personal financial services sector, Halifax spokesman Davis Gilchrist said. That's a very wide area, both on the borrowing side and, increasingly, on the savings side traditional savings and long term savings. 