Northern Rock Building Society will publish detailed proposals for its stock market flotation, including a preliminary valuation of the company, in the first week in March, director Adam Applegarth said on Wednesday. Applegarth told Reuters in an interview that the document will be followed by a special meeting of members in April to vote on the approval. But he declined to speculate on what value in shares each member would receive from the flotation, an amount which has been predicted at between and , stg. Earlier, Northern Rock announced record profits in , making a pre tax profit of . million, a rise of percent over the million seen in . This excluded . million stg of non recurring costs related to the flotation. Applegarth highlighted the fact that the business had continued to perform well during the conversion process which he described as onerous . As one of the most cost efficient lenders, it's important for us to improve those efficiencies and we've done that, Applegarth said. Cost to income ratio dipped to . percent at the end of compared with . percent at the end of . Applegarth also pointed to the society's lending performance as a highlight of last year. Net lending jumped percent . billion stg, giving the Northern Rock around percent of the UK net mortgage market. Applegarth said market conditions were improving. The general summary is that the market is looking slightly better than it did a year ago. With a bit of luck, this will be a sustained rise instead of falling back or a boom. He said that if British interest rates needed to rise it would be better for the home lending market if this were to happen gradually. Applegarth said the Northern Rock will not try and compete with Britain's large retail banks after its conversion in terms of the range of products they offer. I have no doubt that if we attempted to become an all singing, all dancing high street clearing bank we would be too small and we would get eaten up, he added. Applegarth rejected any charge that in the long term, the society's members would be worse off because of conversion. What matters to customers is not the status of the company but the value of the packages they get. Applegarth said that hairshirt mutuals who are trying to justify the maintanence of that status by effectively paying dividends to their members through deflating their profits will not be able to count on this strategy in the longer term. They don't have the profitability to go out and buy new customers, he said. Applegarth said Northern Rock's cost to assets ratio of . percent compares to around . percent for the top building societies. That means I've got a pence margin to play with. We can use some of it to improve profitability and some of it, frankly, to cherry pick business. London Newsroom 