China's exports climbed again in October as slow demand at home encouraged companies to ship abroad and the government expanded credit to exporters, newspapers and a government economist said Wednesday. The upturn was expected to continue through the first half of , said Wang Jian, a researcher with the cabinet's State Planning Commission. Exports rose for the fourth consecutive month in October, jumping . percent to . billion from a year ago, said the International Business Daily, a newspaper published by the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation. The performance helped the nation register its biggest monthly trade surplus of the year. The surplus stood at . billion in October compared with . billion in September, the newspaper said. This kind of rebound in exports ... is estimated to last until the first half of next year, Wang said in a telephone interview. Wang said slow domestic demand has forced manufacturers to look to overseas markets. Also, domestic enterprises had adjusted to a cut in government paid export tax rebates, he said. The government slashed the rebate on exports of industrial products to . percent from . percent on January , . The International Business Daily said exports rebounded because the government sped up the payment of export tax rebates and expanded credit to exporters. Exports slumped in the first six months of , dented by rising wages and the relative strength of the currency. A slowdown in government payments of tax rebates to exporters had also discouraged many firms from exporting their goods earlier in the year. Many of those firms focused sales on the domestic market instead. However, the government has been stepping up payment of export rebates to try to revive exports. Imports inched up percent to . billion in October from October , the Business Daily said. The import data showed that the impact of this year's tariff cuts has gradually weakened, it said. In the first months of this year, China's exports totalled . billion, mostly unchanged from the same period, the newspaper said. But imports added up to . billion, a rise of . percent from the year ago period. Japan, the United States and Europe remained China's largest export markets. China's exports to Japan rose a year on year . percent to . billion in the first months of this year, the daily said. Exports to the United States and Europe increased . percent and . percent to . billion and . billion respectively. 