Shares in Britain's pharmaceutical industry were sharply higher across the board on Thursday, bouyed by sterling's weakness, continued takeover speculation, positive broker comment and upbeat news from Medeva Plc. Shares in the big three of Glaxo Wellcome Plc, SmithKline Beecham Plc and Zeneca Group all rose. Glaxo Wellcome added . percent or pence to , SmithKline Beecham was up . percent or pence at and Zeneca rose . percent or pence to , . Traders said sterling's sharp falls on the foreign exchanges overnight had been a major factor behind the gains, easing some of the anxiety over the effect of a strong pound on crucial overseas earnings. Shares in the major companies fell earlier this month after analysts at NatWest Securities cut earnings estimates because of the currency impact. Currency is very important, said Panmure Gordon analyst Robin Gilbert. There is a general view that the sector has lagged a bit because of currency, and we had something of a rebound. Speculation that Roche Holding AG is preparing to announce a merger or takeover may also be buoying Zeneca and SmithKline Beecham, analysts said, although scepticism about such a move is widespread. The two were further helped by Salomon Brothers' decision to place a buy stance on their stocks, with a hold on Glaxo Wellcome. Shares in Medeva, which has long traded at a discount to other large drug stocks, rose pence to pence on the back of positive trial data from its hepatitis B vaccine Hepagene, which the company hopes will act both to stop people getting the disease and to help those already infected. News that Medeva had formed a collaboration with Peptide Therapeutics Plc, one of the smallest stocks in the sector, made it the biggest gainer, jumping nearly percent or pence to . The two companies hope to develop a range of non injectable vaccines, and Medeva cemented the link by taking a percent stake in Peptide for million pounds. Other strong biotech performers included the flagship British Biotech Plc, which was squeezed up percent or pence to as several sell positions finally unwound. Celltech Group Plc also continued to benefit from optimism about its two lead drugs, for septic shock and leukaemia, rising pence to . 