Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus, in his dual role as economics professor, said on Monday the large Czech foreign trade deficit came from a temporary investment wave, and he forecast a perpetual, but smaller trade gap. Lecturing a packed assembly hall at the Prague School of Economics, Klaus, a freshly accredited professor of economics, said the record . billion crown trade deficit in the first nine months of this year was not tragic . It would be correct to discuss the current account, or the whole payment balance, and not just the trade balance... due to a number of structural phenomena, Klaus said. The Czech Republic will probably not have a positive trade balance in the long term, ever, he added. Klaus said the current trade deficit was the temporary above average rate of investment. He said the investment boom would ease, leading to a narrowing in the differential with savings, but a lack of natural resources, the structure of the Czech economy, and its geographical position would perpetuate a trade deficit. In the first nine months of this year, imports rose by a nominal . percent, year on year, to . billion crowns, while exports climbed . percent to . percent. The Czech Statistical Bureau forecast last week that the foreign trade deficit would reach . billion crowns for the whole of , up from about . billion crowns last year. The current account deficit stood at . billion crowns, or . percent of gross domestic product GDP in the first half, and the CSU foreacsts it to reach . percent of GDP for the whole of , and . . percent of GDP next year. Klaus repeated his long held objection to a devaluation of the Czech crown, saying it would not help much as exports are not a straight function of the exchange rate . He also criticised export lobbyists' calls for an import surcharge and higher tariffs, and blasted moves to Buy Czech , saying each country should use its comparative advantages in production and cannot make everything itself. But Klaus, tongue in cheek, checked the bottle of mineral water he was given, and was pleased it was locally made. I was going to complain that you gave me imported water, he told the rector of the university, sitting by his side. He said his government's aim was to stop an acceleration in the deficit, and then to start lowering it. He said the increase could be stopped by the beginning of . There is no theory on what is the maximum bearable deficit of the current account, as a percentage of GDP, Klaus said. He said that the Czech Republic had more than sufficient foreign exchange reserves cover the gap. The Czech central bank said official reserves totalled roughly billion at the end of August, with gross banking sector reserves at . billion. Answering a student's question on export structure, Klaus said that exports high added value goods would help the overall trade balance, but such technology would take time to develop. How high can you jump One metre thirty It would be better if you could jump one eighty.... But you can't do that straight away, you need to train it, Klaus said. With practise maybe you'll get to some centimetres in a year's time, he said. Prague Newsroom, 