The Czech Statistical Bureau CSU said on Thursday it would change its methodology for calculating industrial production, to bring it in line with western standards. CSU Chairman Edvard Outrata said the change, which updates the old methodology introduced in under communist planning, would take effect in January . The new methodology excludes multiple calculation of semi finished products, resources, and other materials and commodities, which were included in output data at every stage under the old method measuring the gross value of all goods produced, the CSU said. The new index will measure output changes by units, weight or other measurements, of the total of , products out of product groups consisting of one or more similar products. The product groups's output indices will be placed in sectors, using weighting equal to their weight in the respective industrial sector. The overall index will be calculated from weighted changes in the sectoral indices. Outrata said the old system of measuring gross production , or goods production was suited for the management of a planned economy as it allowed to measure the total summ of production and compare it with state plans. Construction output data will be adjusted to the new methodology at the beginning of , Outrata added. Preliminary monthly data will be released on the th day after the end of the month being examined. Outrata also said the data would include seasonally adjusted figures and data adjusted if the number of working days in the period differed from previously measured periods. He added the CSU would gradually, throughout next year, start releasing seasonally adjusted and pro rated figures for most data on the same day as the raw figures. MONTH ' REAL IND. OUTPUT REAL IND. OUTPUT UNDER CURRENT METHOD YR YR UNDER NEW METHOD Sept pct . . August . . July . . June . . May . . April . . March . . Feb . . Jan . . Note. Current methodology examines companies with over employees and includes estimates for smaller firms. The new methodology includes data from some , firms with or more employees. As of January, it will include data form firms with or more workers. Prague Newsroom, 