The Czech Republic could have a , , tonne sugar surplus from this year's campaign but little will be exported due to high local production costs and a world sugar surplus, sugar experts say. The Agriculture Ministry said the state would buy some surplus sugar for strategic reserves and would prepare indirect support for exporters but it ruled out direct export subsidies. Industry sources varied in their assesment of potential foreign markets but agreed producers will try to sell as much as they can at home as world prices were considerably lower. It is expected that the surplus will be up to , to , tonnes, said Eva Divisova of the ministry, adding that total production will be between , and , tonnes raw value after last campaign's , tonnes. She added net sugar exports should be about , tonnes. Divisova declined to say how much the state would buy for its reserves, nor what the reserves are, saying this was secret. State reserves will be filled, other parts will have to be exported. But it is very difficult to get to foreign markets, Divisova added. She said Slovakia was not importing due to higher output. There are payment problems with Ukraine and Russia, but former Yugoslav countries were potentially interesting, she said. Director of trading firm Agrointernational Petr Prochazka believed the surplus would total , , tonnes, most of which would stay in the Czech Republic. The surplus will not be so dramatic...There are quite good yields but the harvest is going slowly due to bad weather. A forecast freeze and subsequent warming will limit output. Producers will not want to export... because of low prices Those who can store it, will, he told Reuters, adding he believed the state could buy up to , tonnes for reserves. Secretary of the Sugar Refiners' Association Vladimir Ulrich also saw a , , tonne surplus but said it could be partially swallowed by the state and the elasticity of domestic consumption. But he stressed that financial costs of storing sugar could push producers to sell at any price. Ulrich said local prices have dropped to crowns per kilo from earlier in the year. The market is protected by a . percent tariff, which will drop next year to percent. We are pushed from two sides the domestic surplus and low price on the world market. If prices drop further, other sugar could get here, Ulrich told Reuters. Breweries could buy up to , tonnes more than they usually do if prices go below the costs of malt, and citric acid makers could take care of another , tonnes, Ulrich said. There is a hunger for sugar in Bulgaria, Romaina, Ukraine, also in Russia, said Ulrich. He added that Poland, which itself expects to have a sizeable surplus, was also a potential market. We also cannot expect to supply the London exchange, because our sugar does not meet the conditions, he noted. He said Cezch exporters could also look to traditional markts like Saudi Arabia... Of course, the price would be poor. The ministry and Ulrich said the surplus would lead to a smaller sown area next year after , hectares this year. I believe the optimal area for next few years would be between , and , hectares, Ulrich said. 