Volkswagen AG Czech unit Skoda Auto a.s. said on Monday its new mid sized Octavia sedan will list on its home market at a base price of , crowns , , at the low end of its class. At a media presentation at the plant north of Prague, marketing chief Detlef Wittig said Skoda will make , Octavias next year, and raise production to , in . The new model, built on a common VW platform designed for the Audi A and upgraded Golf, will be available with three petrol and two diesel engines, with the top of the line SLX automatic model priced at , crowns. The Octavia will get its international test at the Paris International Auto Show in October and should be delivered to Czech dealers in November, followed by launches on foreign markets where prices have yet to be determined. Skoda was taken over by Volkswagen in under a government privatisation plan. The company built an entirely new factory for Octavia production. Continuing the break from the boxy communist era Skodas, the Octavia has more modern but conservative lines, somewhere between a Ford Mondeo and Audi's A line. Skoda is hoping to build on the success of its Felicia economy five door hatchback by offering an affordable middle range sedan and take back chunks of its home market lost to Czechs seeking a more western looking status symbol. Octavia... is a logical step from Felicia into a higher market segment, said Wittig. The cheapest Octavia includes a . litre, Kw engine, ignition immobiliser, driver side airbag, plus an adjustable driver's seat and steering wheel. More expensive versions will be alternatively equipped with a . kw, valve . kw engine, . kw turbodiesel or . kw diesel engine, and an optional passenger side airbag. Side body airbags should be available in mid . Wittig told reporters that Octavia should help Skoda's total production to rise to , units next year and , at the turn of the century after , cars made this year. Within the VW concern, Skoda takes the position of the counterweight to the Asian producers, he added. Skoda Chairman Ludvik Kalma said that he expected about , Octavias to be sold annually on the domestic market, the rest being exported to the rest of Europe and overseas. The company lost . billion crowns last year due to heavy investments into the new factory, but Kalma said the firm should come close to breaking even this year. Prague Newsroom, . Czech Crowns 