The Czech government delayed payments and forced some early collections in order to allow it to claim its fourth straight budget surplus in , Finance Minister Ivan Kocarnik said on Tuesday. Kocarnik told a news conference that it was not yet clear whether the budget balancing measures and a slowdown in forecast economic growth would require cuts in spending. The budget showed a million crown . million surplus on revenues of . billion crowns while expenditure totalled . billion, according to finance ministry figures which are still subject to revision. The surplus came as a shock to many after the government said in December that it was trying to hold an expected deficit to around one billion crowns. Kocarnik said the government took million crowns in early repayment on credit to the Deposit Insurance Fund, and froze one billion crowns in infrastructure investment to help the budget. This investment was reallocated to the following years, he said, without elaborating. He added that ministries were also asked to save as much as possible in December, and banks Ceska Sporitelna a.s. and IPB a.s. agreed to delay their receipt of million crowns in state support on housing loans. Both banks are partially privatised, but the state still holds major stakes in each. Kocarnik said that final result might still show a deficit since bills will keep coming until January . He noted that the budget surplus ended at a revised . billion crowns from the finance ministry's originally reported . billion crowns, after various revisions. Kocarnik repeated his committment to keep this year's budget balanced as well. It is early to talk about corrections in spending now, we do not know the final figures yet, but if they cuts will be needed, I will of course propose them, he said. Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus, who calls balanced budgets the alpha and omega of his government, has praised the figures as a sign of the country's continued fiscal responsibility. In the autumn, the government made across the board spending cuts to avoid a forecast . billion crown shortfall, caused by high than expected spending, slow repayments on credits to Russia, and lower than expected tax revenue. The budget was originally approved as a balanced budget totalling . billion crowns, but autumn spending cuts knocked the forecast expenditure down to billion crowns. Parliament approved a fifth straight balanced budget plan in December, with both expenditures and revenues forecast at . billion crowns in . But the budget was based on economic growth of . percent, and many independent analysts have forecast growth for this year at under five percent, after growth between . and . percent for the whole of . Many have voiced concern that slower than expected economic growth might force the government to consider major changes in the budget to keep Klaus's budget record entact. Prague Newsroom, . Czech Crown 