The Stone Group, a Chinese high technology company, plans to inject assets into its Stone Electronic unit to boost trading in the Hong Kong listed firm, a top group official said. The asset injections could begin next year as the Hong Kong company recovers from its steep slide in profits in , president Duan Yongji told Reuters. We want to expand our float, Duan said in an interview late on Tuesday. We don't have enough stock on the market. Many investors say 'you are not big enough', he said, adding that more shares would be sold once the assets were injected into the listed vehicle. The plan requires a sharp reduction in the price to earnings ratio of the company's stock now at about to about . Duan said a sharp rise in earnings expected this year and in would help to set the stage for the plan. The Beijing based Stone Group Corp listed shares in with a HK million million flotation for Stone Electronic Technology Ltd. The group still has a controlling percent stake in the Hong Kong company, which makes integrated word processors and printers and distributes a wide range of products, including computers as well as office and lighting equipment. Stone Group now has joint ventures and it plans to start placing some of those assets into the listed firm. We are preparing to inject some of the profitable companies into that vehicle, Duan said. Stone Group probably will inject a large part of its percent stake in a million China based joint venture with Matsushita of Japan to produce light fixtures. The plant has required heavy start up costs but should be profitable next year, Duan said. Stone Group also has a stake in a . billion semiconductor project with Mitsubishi Electric and Mitsui in China, although that will not begin production until late or early . Stone, one of the success stories of China's electronics industry, was started with a loan of , yuan , in . We used to compete with just the little guys, said Duan. That has changed dramatically in recent years, he said, adding that all major multi nationals were now in the domestic market as China has relaxed its once tight curbs on imports. Technology is also changing rapidly so we have to make use of our capital, the executive said. We can't let it stand still. Stone Electronic's profits slumped to HK million in from HK . million in . But earnings for the first half of this year were up percent over the year ago period to HK . million. I can't give a profit figure for all of this year but the full year growth will be better than first half growth, Duan said, adding that should continue that trend. Stone sees specialised electronic products for the banking system and tax collection as areas where it has major advantages over its competitors. The parent company has also diversified into finance, setting up securities and futures trading operations and investing in a bank. Income from financial operations already has exceeded the company's electronics business. . yuan . Hong Kong dollars 