Ivory Coast might cut cocoa freight slightly for but a decision on rates is not likely to hold up shipments as it did last October, exporters and shipping lines said. Shipments should start when export licences and finances are in place, they added. We have already written last year's rates into our costs for next year's accounts. Any change will be small, one major shipping line manager told Reuters. The government might choose to cut a bit as shipping costs have gone down since liberalisation, said a large fleet manager. He added, You never can tell. I don't think they will cut, but certainly not much more than one and a half percent. But there was uncertainty over how to fill in official forms, due to be in by October , requesting data on import and export cargo this year and rates to be applied in . We have to get this done quickly and there still has not been a meeting of trade body FEDERMAR to decide how to fill in the forms and what to argue with the Caistab, said one shipping line marketing manager. We don't know if they want separate freight rates or the conference guide rate, he said. Shipping managers were trying to arrange a meeting, he added. Cocoa shipments in were blocked from early October to mid November when shipping lines rejected a percent cut in cocoa and coffee freight rates to Europe set by Ivory Coast's Caistab marketing board. A rate of seven percent was eventually agreed. Fob rates of , CFA per tonne for cocoa and , CFA for coffee were set for . We have heard from the Caistab that rates should not change between this season and last season. But it is still open, there may be a change of one and a half percent in either direction, said another shipping manager. The exporters' forum GEPEX foresees at most a small rate change. I think after last year's problems it will be difficult to make much of a change to the rates, said one exporter. A transport ministry official said rates would be stable. It will be difficult to rock the boat again after last year. Liberalisation does not mean rates should be forced down artificially. The decision rested with the Caistab, he added. The seven percent cut in the rate to northern Europe and an unchanged price for shipments to Mediterranean, British and French ports was agreed in November last year. Freight rates were cut by percent in but were left unchanged in and . Another government transport official said he was sceptical about the benefits of shipping liberalisation, which is part of wider donor sponsored reforms aimed at increasing commodity market efficiency and transparency. All prices are set behind close doors. The Caisse pays to exporters the price set in the bareme but exporters are pocketing money by getting lower freight rates and rebates from shipping lines, he said. An announcement of other marketing rates, including farmgate prices is expected this week, but some industry sources think the season might not get going until October or . Cocoa farmer prices are broadly expected to rise only in line with inflation, if at all, from per kilo of bagged cocoa in . Coffee producer prices are expected to fall to CFA per kilo, from CFA in , in line with lower world prices. Export taxes are expected to remain stable for cocoa at CFA per tonne. The coffee tax CFA is likely to be slashed, said an international banker, pointing to earlier World Bank advice to that effect. Abidjan newsroom 