Cocoa arrivals at Ivory Coast's ports this season could be percent below last season's record . million tonne because of erratic weather and insect damage starting in July, buyers and exporters around San Pedro say. They predict cumulative arrivals to the end of November of around , tonnes and of up to , for December. Mid December to February will dip because of the rains in July, said one exporter in the southwestern port. Harvests will now be later and more prolonged, but not over , tonnes. Buyers said heavy July and August rains hurt flowers for December and January pods. Sunshine after August had helped the outlook for March while lighter rains, which started in early November, would boost flowering for mid crop pods. Widespread wilting of smaller pods was noted this week on on southwestern farms east and north of San Pedro last visited in September. Insect damage and black pod fungus had also been noticeable. The Ivory Coast has slated , tonnes for its total output after private forecaster estimates of , for the main crop alone. The season hit a . million tonnes record after a higher than expected mid crop of , tonnes. But one San Pedro exporter said, There will be no more than , tonnes for the whole year. It could have been better but pod deterioration, insects and maybe even the trees' natural cycle have had an effect. Local buyers and other exporters in the southwest agree, some putting the output at even less, but they say mid crop predictions are unreliable. Few flowers and pods were seen on coastal farms and little cocoa was drying along roadsides. Tree pods and village stores were more plentiful in productive Meadji and Soubre areas. Exporters and buyers in the southwest now matching cocoa arrivals data with last season's say volumes are down, with humidity higher at percent and smaller bean sizes of between and per grammes, against last year. There is less cocoa than last year. It takes twice as long to fill a truck driving around the bush and it needs a lot of drying, said a buyer in Sassandra. Buyers elsewhere agreed. Cumulative arrivals to end November could be , tonnes, the sources said. One put registered cumulative arrivals at , to November , with , arriving in the week up to then. November arrivals last year topped , . Buyers and exporters foresee arrivals of around , , for December against about , in . A San Pedro exporters' agent said he had taken in , tonnes of cocoa this season with , still in stores and room for , more. Many San Pedro warehouses were full this time last year. Another said their cumulative year on arrivals were down percent at November and expected the gap to widen in December. San Pedro's largest port handler expects up to percent less volume this year and said arrivals to November totalled , tonnes. The port expects to handle a third of this year's crop. Cocoa quality is good but some mouldy, moist and deteriorated beans were being mixed in the rush to supply exporters. Some buyers can charge higher prices as export contracts have been sold up to March and have to be met, said one. Mould levels were around four percent, he added. Some buyers have supplied farmers with insecticides and say dry Harmattan weather moving southwards will help drying. One tonne capacity dryer was out of action after a fire at a San Pedro plant on Saturday. Exporters said they now accept the list of marketing prices set by the government this month after a late start to the season. But they said the Caistab marketing board had not altered its auctioning system to prevent overbidding. Smaller exporters say some people have been laid off until March as they cannot match prices bid over opening calls. About , tonnes have been sold to highest bidders but the Caistab has not sold the percent it retains. Maybe they are waiting for higher world prices, one exporter said. A San Pedro factory said it aimed to process , tonnes of cocoa this year. Abidjan newsroom 