Ivorian cocoa arrivals stood at , to , tonnes by early December, analysts and exporters said. The December figures were down from an estimated , tonnes by December last year, but some analysts said a further , tonnes should be added to this year's figures for comparative purposes as the season had opened three weeks late. The gap from last year will widen in December but February and March look good, one exporter said. Arrivals are down from about , last week to probably , tonnes by the end of this week. Ivory Coast opened its marketing season October September three weeks later than usual on October and initially expected a total crop of around , tonnes. About , tonnes had arrived from October to the end of November . The sources said that , tonnes had been taken by Ivory Coast's second port, San Pedro, so far this season. Ivory Coast's two main ports usually take less cocoa over the Christmas and New Year holiday periods. Some cocoa is likely to be delayed by drying problems. Weather analysts point to rain in early December, normally a dry month. But cocoa inspectors say quality is good, with humidity levels of percent and widely ranging bean sizes averaging per grammes well within the export standard of per grammes. Some people are also concentrating on buying coffee, said one exporter. A large and slightly earlier coffee crop was diverting attention from cocoa, exporters said. Last year's cocoa crop rose to a December peak before dropping off in January, with arrivals in reaching , tonnes by the end of December before the season ended with a record . million tonnes. An unexpectedly strong mid crop April September boosted output, so analysts are now scouting cocoa plantations to calculate the prospects for this season as flowering begins. A different cocoa crop profile is expected. The curve is flatter but more sustained than last year. February and March arrivals will push figures up again, said one analyst. Mid crop forecasts are expected between now and January. Port stock levels are unknown, but one set of figures showed exports since October totalling , tonnes. Port sources said large shipments of up to , tonnes had since left but updated figures were not available. Large stores of cocoa could be seen around Abidjan and San Pedro ports early this week. There is plenty of cocoa around and stocks now just depend on when and if contracts are going to be met, said one port source. People either have cocoa but no contracts or they simply have not shipped yet. Some companies said tallying arrivals had been more difficult since personnel changes in the Caistab cocoa marketing agency made by its new managing director, Yves Marie Koissy. Information is thinner on the ground, said one exporter. Exporters said continuing arguments with the Caistab over some of its official cocoa and coffee marketing and reference shipping freight rates, as well as its new electronic cocoa contract auctioning system, could also have slowed activity. The GEPEX exporters' trade body is still in discussions with the Caistab , said one exporter. Abidjan newsroom 