Bulk cocoa shipments from West Africa will more than double to , tonnes in , solidifying a cost cutting trend sparked by recent trial shipments, exporters and shippers said. West African shipments will reach at least , tonnes this year , said one trader, with most going to large Amsterdam based buyers. And that is only a start. he added. Bulk shipments include beans stuffed directly into containers or poured loose into ship's holds, replacing traditional stacks of kg jute bags. Ivory Coast would ship about , tonnes in bulk this year. The world's largest producer blazed the trail by shipping , tonnes in as bagged cocoa lost favour with large buyers, said the source. Of this year's total, about , tonnes would be shipped for two Amsterdam based clients out of an expected crop of , to one million tonnes, said the trader. Less than half, about , tonnes, would be shipped loose on holds against the same tonnage for all forms of bulk shipments in . The remainder would be leave in twenty foot bag lined containers packed with drying agents. Additional shipments of about , tonnes for trials to Germany, and less for Mediterranean ports would take the total of both bulk methods to around , tonnes. Ghana is also expected to build on small shipments with , tonnes possibly leaving in December. Volumes from Nigeria and Cameroun are widely expected to rise. Little was shipped in bulk from other West African ports last year but shipping companies say that will change. Dutch transporters Spliethoffe completed three successful trials from Ivory Coast in totalling about , tonnes followed by another , tonnes for processors Gerkens and Cacao De Zaan. The loading and shipment methods developed then has prompted an expected percent plus jump in overall regional tonnages for , say shippers. Shipping lines Nedlloyd, Compagnie Maritime Belge CMB and Delmas SDV are already taking bulk cargos from forwarders SAGA and Delmas, and Ivorian exporters forwarders Jean Abile Gal and SIFCA. Each have loading systems total of in Abidjan and San Pedro Ivory Coast's second port but only direct users have reception facilities, a West Africa region shipping manager said. Not everyone has a , tonnes a day capacity plant with storage facilities, he added, referring to large processors in Amsterdam. In future, about percent of all cocoa will leave in bulk, said one shipping manager, depending on the size of the reference crop The manager of another shipper handling large volumes put the figure at percent by for Ivory Coast. The economics are simple. What used to be shipped in four containers is now shipped in three, he said, or tonees per six foot containers. Shipping companies had gained a percent freight space saving and exporters would expect rebates in return, he said. A typical charter on FIOS free in and out, stowed rates would be dollars, with another dollars in handling to be added depending on terms, said one shipping line. The marginal cost of loading a container was about , CFA a tonne with , CFA for positioning a container, but labour and time savings more than compensated. Conveyor belts, silos and tip up containers are all used for loading. Plans to build a new bulk reception warehouse in Amsterdam unveiled by Dutch Cocoa Association NCV president Louis Bensdorp on Friday would encourage bulk cocoa advocates, said local exporters. Abidjan newsroom 