Ivory Coast based firms and new investors aim to boost local cocoa processing in but will not reach the country's percent of production target by , industry sources and analysts say. The percent is usually understood to mean about , tonnes beans but we're still way off that, said a spokesman for Abidjan based processor UNICAO, one of Ivory Coast's top processors with rival Callebaut Barry. The country can already process around , tonnes but the industry sources said other potential investors might lift the total by at least another , tonnes to nearer , tonnes from if plans are completed. Ivorian exporter SICC told Reuters its first processing project is likely to take shape in early . The firm handles a total of , tonnes of cocoa in for clients including Cargill's Netherlands processing subsidiary Gerkens. We cannot think of handling that much without going into processing. We want to start in and are now at the decision stages with our partners, Deputy Director Guillaume Adome told Reuters in an interview. He said plans partly hinge on government incentives. A minimum of , tonnes of beans could be processed at Abidjan or San Pedro depending on space availability, said Guillaume, adding that Ivory Coast's second port San Pedro offered better tax advantages. It the plant would cost about million and we will do it, one way or another, he said. At least four other exporters and foreign traders are said to be interested in processing in Ivory Coast. French group CEMOI restated in December its interest in processing up to , tonnes a year in Ivory Coast but has not detailed plans. We thought Cargill or Cacao De Zaan would buy into UNICAO, said one exporter. Others said they were waiting to see whether Cargill or its subsidiary Gerkens would boost its presence in Ivory Coast after its supplying trader Phibro's cocoa purchase contract with Ivory Coast's Caistab marketing body ended in late . UNICAO says its own processing expansion plans will go ahead despite the December sale of a percent holding of its parent, largest Ivorian exporter SIFCA, to Arthur Daniels Midland by rival W.R. Grace. A third , tonne capacity production line would be ready by October with production under way around January . Capacity bean grinding will then be , three lines, said UNICAO's deputy director Kanga N'Ze, producing percent cocoa butter and cake and percent liquor. Capacity in was , tonnes. UNICAO's only main rival Callebaut Barry has three plants operated by its subsidiaries SACO and Chocodi, grinding up to , tonnes of beans a year. Analysts, who see percent as a more realistic processing target, say the aim of adding value to exports might be hi jacked by short termism. It takes a year to build a plant from scratch but is everyone committed for the long term said N'Ze. Running, especially energy costs, are still high so why would a European firm move Ivory Coast produced a record . million tonnes in but has forecast closer to a million tonnes for . Commodities Minister Guy Alain Gauze said earlier this year fiscal reforms, a new investment code, various incentives and the prospect of cheaper energy from offshore gas should encourage investment in cocoa. 