Chad's cotton monopoly Cotontchad is forecasting rises in output and processing capacity in the November October season, thanks in part to higher world prices. At the same time, it is looking to new markets in China and Russia to boost sales of what is currently the nation's main source of foreign exchange. But company administrative director Mahamet Tahi Kherallah says that despite the optimistic outlook, the industry remains hostage to external factors beyond its control. The future depends on the problems of world cotton price fluctuation, rain levels, and the exchange rate for sales in dollars, he told Reuters in an interview. Africa's fifth largest cotton producer, majority state owned Cotontchad limited the impact on production of a drought. The threat of drought has been overcome by enlarging the area under cultivation, Kherallah said. Rains in southern Chad cotton areas were largely sufficient. We needed four months of good rain between May and September. Rain in other areas was up to percent below average. Cotontchad sees its seed cotton purchases rising to a record , tonnes in from , tonnes in . It projects the area under cultivation rising to , hectares from , in . Africa produces no more than five percent of world cotton. Chad's National Office for Rural Development ONDR in November raised Grade cotton farmgate prices for by CFA francs a kg to CFA to pass on world market price increases to farmers and encourage production. The rise followed a CFA increase in , a move that had already encouraged farmers to plant cotton and use insecticides and fertilisers. Total seed cotton processing capacity at Cotontchad's eight southern factories, which handle all the annual crop, has been increased to cope with the projected production increase. In they produced , tonnes of fibre. In , officials expect them to produce , tonnes. We recently added capacity to an existing factory at Pala, which is now our most modern facility, Kherallah said. Quantities and quality are particularly good around Pala. Processing capacity has also been boosted to , tonnes of seed cotton a year at Moundou and Kelo, with plans to do the same at Koumra over the next two to three years, he added. Exports could be boosted, with China and Russia showing interest. Traditional markets for Grade cotton are Portugal, Germany, Japan and France plus Nigeria for Grade . With world average per capita consumption expected by some experts to rise to . kg in from . kg in , Cotontchad says demand for its produce is already increasing. Our cotton is sold throughout the world but we are getting a lot of interest in people setting up business with us, Paris based Marketing Director Ibrahim Malloum told Reuters. Cotontchad hopes oil revenue, expected from , will be used to improve dirt bush tracks. Road construction is under way in southern cotton belt areas but some tracks are closed to large trucks by law during two to four months of rains. Cotton thrives in Chad's wetter southern areas. It was not farmed commercially until French colonisers gave Coton Fran, later Cotontchad, a monopoly on cotton purchasing and ginning. Cotontchad is owned by Chad percent , the CFDT French textile development board percent , banks six percent and the CFD French Development Board two percent . An estimated two million of Chad's . million people depend directly on cotton, but textile manufacturing is still a minor industry. The country's one textile plant, the partly French owned Cotex factory at Sahr, took only tonnes from Cotontchad in , Kherallah said. The plant has a , tonne capacity. CFA francs Abidjan newsroom 