Ivorian cocoa arrivals picked up in early January, pushing the total to , , tonnes by January , analysts and exporters said. This was still down on the , tonnes recorded by January last year. The figure includes , tonnes of arrivals in the first three weeks in October as the season opened three weeks late. The problem now is that there is too much cocoa in the port, said one exporter with offices in Abidjan and San Pedro. Some exporters in San Pedro are slowing down buying because there is no storage space left. Sources close to the Caisse de Stabilisation marketing board gave an even higher arrivals total , tonnes by December , excluding the pre season , tonnes. Exporters said the estimate was too high. One exporter put arrivals lower, with , tonnes at San Pedro and , taken to Abidjan. Other exporters put total arrivals at , tonnes by the end of December after , for mid December. Cocoa is coming in at about , tonnes a week so there's a lot of cocoa about, said another exporter. Quality is still quite good with bean sizes averaging beans per grams , he added. Humidity levels were around percent due to a lack of harmattan drying winds usually seen at this time of year, he said. Exportable quality is percent. Up country buyers noted, however, that humidity levels had already fallen from percent noted in December. Bean sizes are around per grams but humidity is already down to percent because of the sun, said one Gagnoa buyer, adding that the harmattan had arrived there. National weather data showed no rains at eight out of monitoring stations in the first days of January. Rain at the other two was negligible. Up country buyers said bush tracks had now dried out after late December problems and collection rates were normal. There is still a bit of cocoa out there and we expect February will be a bit better than usual, said Husseini Khaled, a buyer working around Gagnoa. As for the mid crop question, we don't know yet, he added. Buyers said they were paying at least the minimum recommended farmgate price of CFA a kilo despite poor world prices and initially poor exporter offtake. Exporters had originally said they would begin marketing a large coffee crop earlier then usual. Some people turned attention back to cocoa as coffee quality turned out to be terrible, said one exporter. San Pedro exporters said they expected strong arrivals to continue at least into early February. Other exporters said they expected a late January tail off. Shipping forwarders said warehouses were filling up but did not give precise warehouse figures. One source said at least , tonnes of cocoa had been exported since October . People talk of between , and , sitting as stock, said the port source. A middle figure would be a good working assumption, he added. The industry's focus is now turning to final estimates for the mid crop, which so far has been put at anything between , and , tonnes. Pod counters were expected to complete up country tours in January before firming up estimates. Abidjan newsroom 