African robusta producers will meet discuss to export limit quotas on February after a January world agreement in Rio de Janeiro to shore up prices, Ivory Coast's Commodities Minister told Reuters on Friday. Gauze, who is also chairman of the Interafrican Coffee Organisation, gave no venue details but said African robusta exporters would afterwards seek to meet other producers. There will be a meeting to decide how to divide export limits between African producers, said Gauze. The meeting will be for two days, on February and February , he added. We will then call on other producers for a meeting, he said without giving agenda details. Gauze on February called off talks in Bali with Asian robusta producers. The world Association of Coffee Producing Countries ACPC decided on January to cut robusta exports by one million bags kg after low prices seen in late . The limitation was expected to be shared between African and Asian producers. The talks have been postponed, Gauze said after returning to Ivory Coast to attend cocoa sector reform with International Cocoa Organisation and donor officials. Indonesian officials told Reuters export cut sharing between Africa and Asia had not been discussed as the Bali meeting. Gauze said African producers would discuss how to divide Africa's export limitation share, which he said was , bags, between exporting countries. IACO chief economist this week delined to comment on African sharing arrangements saying the decision was an internal IACO matter. Indonesia has decided to reduce its exports by , bags in the January to June period covered by the volutary export restraint. ACPC members are concerned that rising production from non ACPC member such as Vietnam will undermine their own export restraint policy. Indonesia's ACPC representative Paian Nainggolan said informal discussions had taken place after Gauze cancelled his trip. No ACPC export cut sharing cut talks took place, he said. Ivory Coast, Africa's largest exporter, expects to produce , tonnes in but local quality inspectors say quality problems mean not all of it will be exportable. Abidjan newsroom 