Land mines may delay Angola's attempts to rebuild its coffee industry for decades but output could rise tenfold in the short term with better access to areas once cut off by war, according to a government official. The last government figure for production before the war the was , tonnes, Secretary of State for Coffee Gilberto Lutucuta told Reuters. Over the next four to five years the objective is to produce , tonnes. Exports through official channels in Oct Sept totalled , , tonnes, he said in an interview, adding In , we hope to double our production. Angola's government signed a peace deal with UNITA rebel opponents controlling the main coffee rich northern areas, paving the way towards unified government. In the early 's, Angola was the world's main supplier of robusta coffee and Africa's second largest coffee producer overall yielding , tonnes in . Around exporters were approved at the time. Lutucuta suggested that Angola may not returned to those sort of production levels, advancing , tonnes as a notional target. For the time being, we're being modest. Portuguese interests dominated the sector until Angola sank into civil war following independence in Most of exports came from southern farms but percent of potential coffee production lay in the north in UNITA areas largely closed to access, Lutucuta added. What is certain is that access roads are mined, he said. Plantation roads themselves are not, except for a few where UNITA had camped and placed them for security. Military mine clearance units set up in are working in each province under local government control. It is a long, drawn out process which could take decades, said Lutucuta, adding that delays since to setting up a government of national unity had slowed progress. We hope that a single government will be formed by the end of March, said Lutucuta, who was in Ivory Coast last week for an African producers' export quota fixing meeting. About exporters are now licensed but not all of them are active, he added. Angola sets minimum coffee prices to be paid to farmers taking into account world rates. The latest price, , new kwanzas per kilo was left unchanged from the season. The government in estimated the cost of rehabilitating , hectares of family farms and , hectares of plantation coffee trees at million. Most of Angola's or so remaining plantations of around , hectares each were in southern government held areas. Some of the roads have been closed for years so we would be working on areas long abandonned, said Lutucuta. The money would also cover transport, access route repairs, water pumping and other hardware needs, he added. Given the political situation we have still not obtained that money but that would be enough to rehabilitate the coffee, said Lutucuta, adding that foreign investors remained wary. An application to the International Coffee Organisation for funding is still under review. Lutucuta said production could be increased to , tonnes a year from the same land now yielding , tonnes by using intensive farming techniques, including use of pesticideds and fertilisers with hybrid stock. Most farmers cannot afford to do that so most regeneration will use naturally occurring robusta, he said. For the moment we are not too ambitious as many coffee areas are still not under government control, he added, noting that markets for natural coffee were promising. He said total production could top , tonnes from over , hectares, but yields would have to rise from kg per hectare on artisanal farms. Angola was exempted from an Interafrican Coffee Organisation IACO plan to share out a January to June robusta coffee export cut of , bags. IACO agreed to the cut at an Association of Coffee Producing Countries ACPC meeting in Brazil in January to bolster world coffee prices. Oil and mining provides Angola's main export revenues. , new Kwanza Abidjan newroom 