Heavy late March rains favoured Ivorian mid crop cocoa harvest prospects as the month's rainfall total edged up to long term average levels after a February drought, weather and crop analysts said on Monday. The rains have been very satisfactory lately, said a National Weather centre spokesman. We are back to around average levels and the rains are continuing into April. Official weather data for the third days of March showed rains at weather stations totalled mm against mm in the previous days. An average of mm fell in March. Crop analysts said weather data weighted for plantation density and long term productivity suggested the March rains were in line with a year average of around mm. Rains falling on average on five out of ten days were spread widely over Ivory Coast's cocoa belt but heaviest falls were in central areas around Daloa, Gagnoa, Yamoussoukro and Abidjan. Everything now depends on the mid crop pod count, said one drop analyst. We had good January rains, bad February rains and good March rains. I remain an optimist for midcrop harvest volumes , he added. Rains during the second ten days of March were heaviest in less productive eastern border areas. Otherwise, south western forest areas, densely planted with productive hybrid trees, have tended to receive the most. Crop analysts said in early March that regular showers up to April would determine how close this year's mid crop would be to the bumper , tonnes in the record . million tonnes Oct Sept harvest season. The mid crop could exceed , tonnes if rains were sufficient, one said, adding that harvest predictions would be reviewed in April when pods on trees gave a better idea of yields. The data, from Ivory Coast's national weather station, showed the following rainfall mm for the third days of March in key growing areas plus the commercial capital Abidjan previous days in brackets Daloa . . , Gagnoa . . , San Pedro . . , Tabou . Man . . , Dimbokro . . , Yamoussoukro . , Abidjan . . , Sassandra . . , Adiake . . , Korhogo . . Abidjan Newsroom 