Rains continued across Ivory Coast's cocoa belt in late April, confirming the onset of wet season patterns and boosting mid crop May Sept and early main crop Oct April prospects, weather and crop analysts said on Tuesday. A favourable weather pattern developed in April with strengthening rains in many areas, said one weather analyst, adding that a band of rain usually sitting km south of the region's tropical weather front was now over cocoa areas. There have been some heavy rains but so far the flowers for the maincrop have held on, said one crop analyst. Official rainfall data for the third days of April totalled . mm against . mm in the previous days and . mm for the first days of the month. Rains fell mainly in south coast areas between Abidjan and Tabou but steady rains also fell in other key growing areas around Gagnoa. Rains were lightest in northern areas. One crop analyst put overall rainfall at just below average but said end April rains were likely to have brought levels back to average. Another said rains had risen to mm against his year average figure of mm for stations. Rains in some areas had been percent above normal. A dry period in February threatened to cut prospects for the mid crop but subsequent rains allowed pod forecasters to upgrade forecasts for the period to a range of , tonnes compared to , tonnes last year. Crop analysts now expect the total cocoa crop to be near last year's record of . million tonnes. Ivory Coast has not revised its original total crop forecast of , tonnes. Latest figures for the main crop, which ended on April , have not been released but are expected by exporters and crop analysts to show port arrivals of just over one million tonnes. This year's mid crop depends partly on steady rains into June when forecasters also begin early assessments of cocoa trees for the main crop. Latest data from Ivory Coast's national weather station showed the following rainfall mm for the first days of April in key growing areas plus the commercial capital Abidjan previous days in brackets Daloa . . , Gagnoa . . , San Pedro . . , Tabou . . Man . . , Dimbokro . . , Yamoussoukro . . , Abidjan . . , Sassandra . . , Adiake . . , Korhogo . . . Abidjan Newsroom 