North America's largest gold producer, Toronto based Barrick Gold Corp, reported lower third quarter earnings on Tuesday due to an after tax charge and higher operating costs. I think their quarter clearly underscores that Barrick has made the transition from a growth company to one that's trying to maintain its existing base, said mining analyst Barry Allan of Gordon Capital. Barrick's net income for the quarter fell to US million, or US . a share, from US . million, or US . cents a share, in the same period a year earlier. Earnings were slightly below analysts' expectations. Barrick pointed to higher cash costs, which rose to US an ounce from US an ounce a year earlier. The company also took a US million hit to bail out of its Cerro Corona exploration project in Peru. And Barrick hiked its exploration budget more than percent, to US . million for the first nine months of the year, compared to US . million previously. Investors seemed to shrug that off. Barrick's shares rose C . to C . in heavy trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange. In New York, the stock rose to US . The market seemed positive to Barrick's plans to develop its Pascua mine in Chile and its new Pierina property in Peru, analysts said. Barrick bought the Pierina deposit last summer through its US million takeover of Arequipa Resources Ltd, based on a minimum of . million ounces of gold. According to the company, recent drilling on the property suggests the number was conservative. Barrick said production at Pierina should begin in late at a rate of , ounces of gold a year. Costs should be below US an ounce thanks to a substantial silver credit and high grade gold. Capital costs should be about US million, the company said. It has eight drills on the property working to define the deposit. They are proceeding very aggressively on Pierina, analyst Allan said. However, he cautioned that it was risky to make such claims while drilling was still underway and a feasibility study is still a long way off. At Pascua in Chile, recent exploration suggests the deposit may extend across the nearby border into Argentina, Barrick said. Production is expected to begin in , totaling , ounces a year at an operating cost of US per ounce. Capital costs are expected of about US million. Reuters Toronto Bureau 