Royal Oak Mines Inc is reshaping its operations to concentrate on its low cost gold deposits in the Timmins area and British Columbia, the company president said Wednesday. We have refocused our strategy to bring on very low cost production, Peggy Witte said in an analysts' conference call. It's very clear that's where Royal Oak's future lies. The Kirkland, Washington based gold producer said Wednesday it will close down its mine in Hope Brook, Newfoundland, and write down the reserves at its Colomac mine in the Northwest Territories. Royal Oak expects to take C . million in charges because of the Hope Brook and Colomac decisions. After tax, the charges will amount to a decrease in net income of about C million or C . a share in the fourth quarter of . The company plans to move most of the mining and mill assets from Hope Brook to its Matachewan project in northern Ontario. It's a very positive story for us being able to redeploy those assets, and we did not want to spread our senior management too thin, Witte said, explaining the decision. Hope Brook will shut down in the third quarter of , while Matachewan is expected to start production in the second half of , Royal Oak said. The company recently increased its gold reserves at its Timmins and Matachewan properties, decided to expand its Pamour Mill and is putting together a feasibility study for an expanded open pit in the area. The northern Ontario mines, along with production expected in from the Kemess copper and gold mine in British Columbia, will boost production and decrease costs significantly for Royal Oak, said chief financial officer Jim Wood. The company expects to produce , ounces at a cash costs of US an ounce in . In , production will rise to , ounces at a cost of US or US an ounce. By , the company expects up to , ounces at about US an ounce, and in , production should be almost one million ounces with costs in the low US s, Wood said. Although we have closed out Hope Brook cash costs are somewhat disappointing at Colomac, the future of the company, with the Pamour expansion, looks very bright for us in terms of production and our average cash costs, he said. The company reported third quarter profits of C . million or C . a share, up from C . million or C . a share a year earlier. Gold production rose percent in the quarter to , ounces from , ounces during the third quarter last year. The increase came from the Pamour mine in Northern Ontario, which produced higher grade ore. Revenue was percent higher in the third quarter, mainly because of a successful hedging program. The company realized a gold price of US per ounce, compared to US an ounce at the same time last year. Royal Oak expects to produce about , ounces of gold in at a cash cost of US an ounce. The lower production level and increase in cash cost from previous estimates are a result of lower grade ore at Colomac. Reuters Toronto Bureau 