Inco Ltd's huge Voisey's Bay nickel deposit will help turn the company into a million pound a year low cost nickel producer by the year , company executives said on Monday. The new discovery will propel the company's growth by percent over when Inco produced million pounds of nickel, Inco chairman and chief executive Mike Sopko said in a speech to media and analysts. We want to remain the world's leading nickel producer in a growing nickel market, he said. Costs will decline by percent because of Voisey's Bay, from . a pound in to . , said chief financial officer Tony Munday. But capital costs for Voisey's Bay will be higher than initially thought, said Stuart Gendron, president of Voisey's Bay Nickel Co, a unit of Inco. The company now expects to spend US . billion on facilities until the year , up from earlier estimates of US . billion, he said. The company expects to finish a feasibility study by the end of this year, he added. Inco took over Diamond Fields Resources Inc last summer for US . billion and won control of the giant Voisey's Bay resource. The company expects to be producing million pounds of nickel a year from the property by . In the near term, Inco said its production should grow in to million pounds, up from million in . By , nickel production should reach million pounds, the company said. While world nickel supply and demand were in balance in , nickel demand should slightly outpace supply in , said Peter Salathiel, vice president of marketing. I would argue that in the near term, , the supply demand fundamentals for nickel look very good, he said. He said it was mystery to him why nickel prices have been trending down recently, but he pointed to a glut in the stainless steel market. The stainless steel industry is going through kind of a crisis right at the moment, he said. He said he did not expect any increase in Russian production of nickel in the next three to four years. But Salathiel, who will retire at the end of the year, would not predict a nickel price for next year. The one thing I've learned is it's impossible to predict nickel prices, he said. Inco plans to spend US . million on exploration next year, up from an expectedUS . million this year, said Bob Horn, vice president of exploration. Heather Scoffield, Reuters Toronto Bureau 