Falling gold prices have recently drained much of the life from the Toronto Stock Exchange's key gold index and analysts say the bloodletting may not be over. Gold stocks are still reflecting a gold price, but look at the price now, said gold analyst Mike Jalonen at brokerage Midland Walwyn in Toronto. It's awful. I think people are writing the obituary for the Toronto gold index, said Vahid Fathi, a mining analyst at Everen Securities in Chicago. They've been slaughtered. The Comex February gold price has slid steadily since Dec. to . an ounce on Wednesday from . . Gold was up slightly in London on Thursday at . . Gold prices have slumped to three year lows on a strong U.S. dollar, booming financial markets, low inflation, rising mine production and rumors of central bank selling. Most analysts said the yellow metal was headed further south, but there was no consensus on the extent of the decline or when prices might recover. The heavily weighted gold index in Toronto, Canada's biggest stock market, has dropped with the price of the metal, losing more than nine percent since Dec. . Canada's biggest gold companies, Barrick Gold Corp. and Placer Dome Inc. have followed suit. Barrick, the world's third largest gold producer, closed at C . on Wednesday, down from C . on Dec. . The stock rose slightly on Thursday to C . . In New York, Barrick has fallen to from on Dec. . Vancouver based Placer Dome fell to a week low of C . on Wednesday from C . on Dec. . It was up C . to C . on Thursday. In New York, Placer fell to on Thursday from on Dec. . U.S. gold producers have also been hit. Newmont Mining Corp. was trading at on Thursday on the New York Stock Exchange, versus on Dec. . Homestake Mining Co. was at on Thursday in New York, down from on Dec. . Traditionally, Toronto gold stocks move up in tandem with the gold price, but do not react as strongly to a price decline. Discoveries, takeover rumors and news from exploration companies that share the Toronto gold index with major producers generally temper the index's reaction to price slumps. That is not the case now. At this point in time, the market is not even paying attention to special situations, said Fathi. On Wednesday, almost every stock in the Toronto gold index fell except for diamond companies. Midland Walwyn's Jalonen predicted Toronto golds would lose a further five percent before they stabilized. Diversified producers such as Vancouver based Teck Corp. were not as vulnerable as pure gold producers to steep drops in the gold price, Jalonen noted. 