China's B share markets in both Shanghai and Shenzhen slid on Wednesday on profit taking following huge increases in recent weeks and reports of tighter controls in Shenzhen, analysts said. The Shanghai B share index fell . points or . percent to . on Wednesday, with volume heavy at million shares worth million. Shenzhen's B index lost . points or . percent to close at . largely on talk of tighter control over local investors trading B shares, traders said. It's a technical correction, said a foreign brokerage analyst in Shanghai. Shanghai and Shenzhen have risen substantially over the past few weeks, so it's a natural move by investors to take profits. Today's loss was a technical correction partly sparked by a fall on the Shenzhen market, said a trader. The correction is likely to continue for the rest of this week. But market sentiment is good and the index will recover next week. Shenzhen securities authorities have warned brokerages in the city not to allow local investors to buy B shares unless the money comes from outside the country, an official of the Shenzhen Securities Management Office SSMO said on Wednesday. A senior official at the SSMO said the notice had been released at the urging of the Foreign Exchange Management Bureau under the People's Bank of China and the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The inflow of fresh money into the market will definitely slow with the implementation of the policy, but many Chinese can still enter the market by some means or other, a broker said. Brokers in Shanghai said they did not know of any such notice being distributed to brokers in Shanghai. Officials of the central bank and the national regulator in Beijing declined to comment. We've heard such reports about crackdowns from Shenzhen from time to time, said the Shanghai based foreign analyst. Whenever such reports come out, the B shares go down but after a while, speculation resumes again. In Shanghai, all B shares traded, with down, one flat and seven up. Cheap stocks with poor results led the falls after speculative jumps in the past few days, brokers said. Technical charts indicate the market has entered a correction phase and the index is likely to test the point support level, one broker said. The market trend mainly depends on the attitude of the securities authorities, he added. Shanghai Erfangji was the biggest loser, plunging . or . percent to . , on volume of . million shares. Shanghai Rubber Belt followed, tumbling . or . percent to . , on volume of , shares. Shanghai Jintai traded the most on institutional liquidation, down . or . percent to . , on volume of . million shares. The Shanghai A share index rallied after falls on Tuesday, but the market was still in a mood of consolidation amid uncertainty over its direction, brokers said. The index rose . points or . percent to . points, on volume of . billion shares worth . billion yuan . billion . The SSE blue chip index jumped . points or . percent to . points. . yuan 