The Chinese authorities acted decisively on Friday to stop extraordinary price movements on the country's two stock markets by imposing a limit of percent in the movement of any stock on one day. In announcements made after the market closed on Friday, the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchange set daily movement limits for all shares and investment fund units at percent in either direction, with effect from next Monday. From Monday on, all bids and asks exceeding the limits are null and void, the announcement said. No brokerage must accept invalid bids and asks. The announcements followed several days of dramatic falls in the B share indices of both Shanghai and Shenzhen, which on Friday alone plunged . percent and . percent respectively. On Friday, the exchanges also ordered brokerages to make public the top losing and gaining stocks on any one day and the names of the key institutions involved in trading. Brokers said the order would tend to limit institutional speculation, adding that while restriction of market manipulation was good, the move would also hinder the activity of the markets. The announcements all made clear that they had been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC , which supervises all securities and futures markets. Chinese brokers generally welcomed the new limits, saying they would effectively help control erratic trading on the fledging markets founded in . The decisions indicate the securities authorities are determined to standardise the markets and will be a key step in stabilising share prices, said Xu Zhiling, deputy general manager of the securities trading department of China Guotai Securities. But some brokers said setting the limits would benefit buyers and help creating buyers' markets. Unlike futures contracts, investors cannot build short positions on the stock markets, said one broker. Price limits thus will help buyers who can build large positions without much risk of price plunges. A foreign broker in Shanghai said the limits were overall not beneficial to the market or its development. Trading limits generally distort markets rather than rationalise trading, he said. But the real question is how long can this can go on. Shanghai's B share index ended down . points or . percent at . points on Friday on fears that Beijing would crack down on domestic investors trading B shares, traders said. The fears were sparked by news reports that the securities authorities in Shenzhen had ordered local brokerages not to accept foreign exchange to buy B shares from local people unless they could prove the money originated from outside China, they said. Shanghai's A share index lost . points or . percent to , . on news that checks had begun in some parts of China on the risk management systems of securities brokerages. Meanwhile, Shenzhen's B share index plunged . points or . percent to end at . in heavy trading because of the crackdown by local securities authorities on mainland Chinese buying B shares, brokers said. The Shenzhen A share index lost . points, or . percent, to . on turnover of . billion yuan compared with . billion on Thursday. 