China's domestic A shares continued to plummet on Thursday with investor confidence still in tatters following the rude shock of a government crackdown on the markets on Monday, traders said. Shanghai's foreign currency B share index ended little changed at . points with bargain hunting support prices, but A shares on the market fell . percent to . . On the Shenzhen stock market next to Hong Kong, the A share index plunged . percent to . points, while the B shares were also down sharply, losing . percent to . points. A growing number of investors want to leave the A and B markets, at least for a while, a Shenzhen trader said. Brokers said Shanghai A shares plunged on unstable market sentiment and reported seeing some panic selling on rumours that more negative market news could be announced at the weekend. Retail investors used the opportunity of a technical rebound on Wednesday to offset their positions, said one broker. Sentiment is still weak. The Shanghai B share market is looking the healthiest of the China share markets in the wake of the crackdown in which the Beijing authorities said stock trading was overheated and warned of a crash if speculative trading was not stopped. Technical charts show the B share index is likely to consolidate between and points in the short term with investors targeting stocks with strong profits records, a second broker said. Inner Mongolia Erdos Cashmere was the star on expectation of good results, rising . or . percent to . , on volume of . million shares. Shanghai Tyre amp Rubber followed on institutional buying, up . or . percent to . , on volume of . million shares. In Shenzhen, brokers said the market was hit by institutions taking profits on the B share market with investors still jittery over Beijing's crackdown. Investors offset their positions whenever prices rose because they have little confidence in the market's short term outlook after the falls earlier this week, an analyst said. Many Shanghai B shares closed at the percent limit down with Dadonghai falling HK . to HK . on volume of . million shares on institutional selling, brokers said. Changan Automobile traded the most on volume of . million shares, losing HK . to HK . . The A market plummeted with the majority of A shares closing at the percent limit down due to heavy selling in rubbish stocks shares of smaller firms with poor business results over the past few years, brokers said. One Shenzhen broker predicted that the A shares could have a long way further to fall given their strong gains in the past few months. But several Shenzhen counters with strong earnings records were seen being supported by institutional demand, brokers said. Guangdong Power's A shares rose . yuan or . percent to . yuan, with its B shares up HK . or . percent to HK . per share, making them the best performers on the city's A and B share markets on Thursday. 