The Toronto stock market ended weaker in brisk trading on Thursday, hit by a sell off in Canadian bonds and heavily weighted bank stocks. The Toronto Stock Exchange's key Composite Index fell . points to close at . , down almost . percent. Trading totalled . million shares worth C . billion US . billion. It was a bond led downdraft, one trader said of today's market action. Canadian bonds recorded their biggest one day drop in more than two years. Investors sold off bonds with Canada U.S. spreads at near record lows, while a flood of new corporate supply also depressed bonds today, traders said. Weakness in Canada's currency also helped spark the bond sell off. The year benchmark bond fell C . to C . to yield . percent. This is a made in Canada meltdown, RBC Dominion Securities analyst Dunnery Best said in a stock report. Investors are now likely to buy more natural resource stocks after selling holdings in the financial services, one trader said. This signals a rotation out of the interest sensitives to some more cyclical names, he said. The shift already started, with stronger golds helping restrain Toronto's fall. Of Toronto's sub indices, banks fell the most at . percent, followed by media, utilities and pipelines. Financial services and banks are the most important group on the index. Golds, real estate, and retail rose. Falling issues powered ahead of advancing ones to , while traded flat. Among hot stocks, the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce fell C . to C . on . million shares. Canada's second largest bank reported net profits rose to almost C . billion for from C . billion last year. The Bank of Montreal, Canada's third largest bank, fell C . to C . on . million shares. Bre X Minerals Ltd. and Barrick Gold Corp. were heavily traded. Bre X, which has been advised to do a deal with Barrick over the ownership of its huge Busang gold discovery by the Indonesian government, said it is seeking clarification on what kind of arrangement it should negotiate. Bre X shares ended flat at C . while Barrick rose C . to C . . 