This year's rally on the Toronto Stock Exchange, Canada's biggest equity market, will stretch through and may last until the turn of the century, analysts forecast. I think the Toronto Stock Exchange is in the middle of a bull market, said Michael Metz, chief investment strategist with Oppenheimer amp Co. Inc. in New York. Canadian equities investors have enjoyed spectacular gains this year. Toronto's key Composite Index jumped as much as percent in and was up percent after a correction in December. By contrast, the Dow Jones industrial average, which Toronto generally tracks, was up percent this year, down from a peak of percent. Analysts said Toronto's market the th most active worldwide would continue to benefit from poor bond yields, which make stocks more attractive. Bond yields have dropped across the board this year, with basis points shaved off the return of Canada's year benchmark bonds. Most of the seven analysts polled by Reuters said Toronto's index next year would break its all time high of , points, set on Nov. . The index was at about , on Friday. Analysts' median estimate for the index was , points by the end of , rising to , by 's close. We're in a general long term uptrend, said Katherine Beattie, technical analyst for MMS International in Toronto. The stock market is still going to be the best place to invest given the relatively low interest rates. We will start inching up, but even if we do get two or three interest rate hikes in the first couple of quarters next year which I think is going to cause a correction in the markets it's not going to put bonds or bills at a competitive enough level, Beattie said. Fred Ketchen, senior vice president at brokerage ScotiaMcLeod Inc, said Canadian equities were being snapped up by the large baby boom population focusing on generating wealth for retirement amid the uncertain future of government pensions. I think that basically we're into fairly firm markets right through until the end of the century, Ketchen said. Demographics are certainly helping here. Josef Schachter, president of Schachter Asset Management Inc., predicted Toronto's heavily weighted resource sectors could push the index to , by the end of and to at least , a year later. I see it potentially higher than that if we can get precious metals ... and base metals joining the party, Schachter said. Montreal based portfolio consultant Ron Meisels forecast the index would climb to , by the end of and , by the year . But some analysts were more bearish, with John Ing, president of Toronto based Maison Placements Canada Inc., predicting the index would sink to , by the end of and , by the end of . Ing said interest rate hikes would cut the party short. The inevitable increase in rates has got to happen sometime within the next months and that will test the markets, Ing said. 