The Toronto Stock Exchange's key Composite Index rallied to close at a new all time high of points on Tuesday, posting its first such record in . The influential index jumped . points to end at . in brisk turnover of . million shares worth C . billion . billion . It busted through a previous record of . points set on November , , partly powered by a Wall Street rally. Wall Street rose . points to close at . on stronger than expected fourth quarter earnings from computer chip maker Intel Corp. Earnings per share jumped to . from a year earlier . . Today's rally in Toronto was also aided by the start of the pension season, when Canadians rush into last minute investing in tax sheltered funds before the traditional end February deadline. The RRSP Registered Retirement Savings Plan season is beginning, said Midland Walwyn's director of private client investing Dunnery Best. Fund manager Josef Schachter of Schachter Asset Management said that managers have been cautiously eyeing the market and waiting on the sidelines but have been forced to invest since more fund money will soon arrive. They're sitting on too much cash, Schachter said. All of Toronto's sub indices spiralled upward, except for golds which tumbled on lower bullion prices. The consumer products sector soared . percent, followed by conglomerates, transports and base metals. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners to and another traded flat. Takeover targets hogged the spotlight. Gold prospector Bre X Minerals Ltd. soared . to . on today's news that Placer Dome Inc. proposed a rival merger bid to Barrick Gold Corp.'s joint venture offer. Placer shares slipped . to . while Barrick fell . to . . The Indonesian government originally suggested Barrick and Bre X team up to develop the deposit but Placer was encouraged to bid for Bre X by some Indonesian sources. Morrison Petroleums Ltd. rose . to . and was Toronto's most active stock. It is expected to fight a hostile bid from smaller oil firm Canadian Energy Corp., announced on Monday. 