The chief executive of Zellers, a major Canadian retailer, aims to boost sales per square foot by more than a third over three years as the discount chain seeks to regain market leadership from U.S. invader Wal Mart. Millard Barron, a former executive at Wal Mart Inc. which ousted Zellers as Canada's top discount store chain told Reuters in a recent interview he planned to increase sales from C a square foot for fiscal ending Jan. . We are at least a third below where we should be. We should be C to C a square foot and my goal is that over the next three years, said Barron, who took the top job at Zellers last September. Zellers is a unit of Toronto based Hudson's Bay Co., the owner of Canada's biggest department store chain. Wood Gundy retail analyst David Brodie called Barron's goal ambitious. Wal Mart has the momentum. These guys Zellers don't, said Brodie, who estimated that Wal Mart had sales of C a square foot in Canada, a number Barron called overstated. Brodie estimated Zellers' market share had fallen to percent since Wal Mart's arrival in from about percent. Wal Mart's Canadian market share was estimated at about percent. Barron landed the chief executive's job at Zellers at a crucial time. The company's operating profit was halved by the arrival in Canada of Bentonville, Ark. based Wal Mart, America's biggest retailer. Zellers' fiscal operating profit plunged to C . million . million from C . million . million in . Barron said his mission was to improve technology and communications, move more staff to the sales floor, pay more attention to rural stores and renovate the chain's outlets. He did not forecast fiscal sales, but said Zellers would post fiscal revenues of about C . billion . billion , versus C . billion . billion in fiscal . He said that crucial holiday sales in December jumped by double digits for the first time in three years. Barron said that Zellers' capital spending would increase to between two and three percent of fiscal sales. Retailers usually spend one to two percent. About percent of planned capital spending would be for technological upgrading, with Barron saying Zellers was four years behind other retailers in technology. By the end of , we will be as technologically proficient and productive as any retailer in North America, Barron said. Zellers said Canada would open up to stores this year, expand and update up to . 