The Toronto stock market ended mixed in heavy dealings on Friday but the key index managed to remain above the key , points level despite some profit taking by investors. The Toronto Stock Exchange's Composite Index slipped . points to close at . . Turnover was active at . million shares worth C . billion . billion . MMS International analyst Katherine Beattie said Canada's largest equities market lost points after investors decide to sell some stocks and rake in profits following recent highs. The key index gained points during the week after opening at . on Monday. Beattie added the market may correct soon after reaching a life time high of . points yesterday. I'm wary of this market. I think we've hit the top, she said. Eight of Toronto's sub indices dipped, led by consumer products, conglomerates, real estate and banks. The stronger side included media, forestry products and golds. Advancing issues outnumbered declines to while traded flat. Merger news in Canada kept market players hopping. Abitibi Price Inc., the world's largest newsprint maker, and Stone Consolidated Corp. said on Friday that they agreed to merge in a stock swap deal. Abitibi Price shareholders would get one share in the new company while Stone Consolidated holders would get . shares. Abitibi Price shares rose . to . while Stone Consolidated jumped . to . . The merged company, which would have a market capitalization of C . billion . billion , would also be the world's largest newsprint maker by a margin of almost two to one. Prospector Bre X Minerals Ltd. lost . to . after news that Freeport McMoRan Copper and Gold Inc. might cut an unfair deal to develop its huge Busang gold deposit in Indonesia. Bre X's chief executive David Walsh said there was no memorandum and Bre X will respond to the Indonesia government's request to form a deal with its Indonesian partners by the February deadline. Bre X and Barrick Gold Corp. said late last year that they were working on a partnership to do the same. Barrick shares lost . to hit . . 