The Toronto stock market edged higher to reach the year's ninth record close in heavy trading on Tuesday, aided by the continued flow of money into tax sheltered pension funds. The Toronto Stock Exchange's key Composite Index rose . points to end at . , which was also a new intraday high. Turnover was unusually heavy with . million shares traded worth C . billion, the TSE's second highest value ever. We're in the RRSP Registered Retirement Savings Plan season in Canada, said Ira Katzin, investment advisor at RBC Dominion Securities. Canadians are scrambling to sock away savings in tax sheltered pension plans before the March deadline. After market close, Canada's Finance Minister Paul Martin presented his budget after market close with few new surprises for equities, said Fred Ketchen, ScotiaMcLeod's senior vice president. Martin announced an extension for the special tax on banks a surcharge of percent of capital tax until October , . Of Toronto's sub indices, only four slipped real estate, pipelines, base metals and oils. The gaining groups were led by golds, media, retail and banks. Advances outnumbered declines to while another traded unchanged. In individual issues, Bre X Minerals Ltd. lost . to . on almost million shares while Barrick Gold Corp. shares rose . to . on . million shares. Uncertainty still surrounds gold prospector Bre X even though it recently cut a deal with U.S. based Freeport McMoRan Copper and Gold Inc. to develop the huge Busang gold discovery in Indonesia. Barrick was shut out of a potential partnership. Under the deal, Bre X's stake will drop to percent from percent. Freeport will own percent and Indonesian interests will grab percent. Abitibi Price Inc. rose . to . after being upgraded to market outperform from market perform by brokerage Goldman Sachs. The forestry products firm agreed to merge with Stone Consolidated Corp. last week, creating the world's largest newsprint maker on an almost two to one basis. Stone shares rose . to . in light trading. 