Most banks in the U.S. Midwest are expected to post third quarter earnings gains of percent or more as the strong economy continues to generate loan growth, cost cutting programs show results and credit quality remains reasonably sound. It looks like credit quality trends should hold up very well, said Michael Ancell, banking analyst at Edward D. Jones. He expects the banks he follows to have average earnings gains of percent. For most of the year, analysts who follow banks have been waiting to see deterioration in credit quality, especially in credit card loans. But while some banks, like First Chicago NBD, showed a higher charge off rate in credit card receivables in the second quarter, a wider wave of loan quality problems has yet to appear, analysts said. I don't see large increases in loan loss provision, said James Schutz, banking analyst at Chicago Corp. Many banks have also been aggressively cutting costs, which should help third quarter results. Analysts pointed to Milwaukee based Firstar Corp as one bank that could benefit from an aggressive cost cutting plan. Others point to banks that have been generating fee revenue, such as Northern Trust Corp and Norwest Corp, as also primed for strong gains. Most people are working very hard at expense controls, said Thomas Maier, banking analyst at EVEREN Securities. I'm more in mind at looking more favorably at those banks that are strong revenue growers. Ultimately, you've got to sell product, in any business. Another factor helping gains in earnings per share is stock buyback programs, with many banks aggressively repurchasing their stock. First Bank System Inc, which announced a plan earlier this year to repurchase million shares, was seen by analysts as one of the most aggressive on this front. Meanwhile, analysts said the percent pace of earnings gains should continue into next year. Even though the credit quality cycle is not getting any better, it certainly is not getting any worse at any kind of a rapid pace, said Ben Crabtree, analyst at Dain Bosworth. Following are third quarter earnings estimates and actual earnings reported a year earlier, according to First Call BANK Banc One Corp . . Boatmen's Bancshares Inc . . Commerce Bancshares Inc . . Fifth Third Bancorp . . Firstar Corp . . First Bank System . . First Chicago NBD . . KeyCorp . . Marshall and Ilsley Corp . . Mercantile Bancorp Inc . . Northern Trust . . Norwest . . Reuters Chicago newsdesk, 