Caterpillar Inc. Tuesday reported record profits of . billion for , spurred by a percent jump in fourth quarter earnings, but said it expected near flat results this year. The world's largest heavy equipment maker said earnings for all of rose from 's . billion while revenues grew . percent to . billion from . billion. For the fourth quarter, profits rose to million, or . a share, from million, or . a share, in the period. Peoria, Ill. based Caterpillar's fourth quarter results exceeded Wall Street analysts' average estimate of . a share, according to First Call Corp., which tracks earnings estimates. Despite the strong results, investors pushed Caterpillar's stock down . to . on the New York Stock Exchange, apparently on concerns about the outlook for . The company said it expected profits to be nearly flat with levels, with revenues from ongoing operations growing only slightly. Caterpillar said higher demand in developing regions should offset a slightly weaker market for its machines in the United States and Japan this year. It's basically ' , Lisa Shalett, analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, said of the stock's fall. But she added that one time currency factors also helped boost the earnings above estimates. It comes across as a surprise, but it's not necessarily a surprise from operations, Shalett said of fourth quarter earnings. But other analysts suggested Cateprillar was being too conservative in its view for . Caterpillar always looks at the glass being half empty, said Thomas Burns Jr., analyst at NatWest Securities Corp. We think its half full. We expect a better U.S. economy, he said. We don't expect housing starts to be off. He noted that Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan made positive comments about the economy on Tuesday. Caterpillar said it stood by its forecast, but was prepared to meet higher demand than expected, as it did in . We're trying to call it as we see it, Chief Financial Officer Douglas Oberhelman said in a telephone interview. I will tell you that a year ago, we called for a softer economy in the U.S. and it didn't happen. We were pleasantly surprised. Caterpillar said profit margins as a percent of sales rose to . percent in from . percent in due to higher prices and the effect of the stronger dollar against the yen and European currencies. Lower material costs and improvements in the manufacturing process also helped. Total capital expenditures in were million and are expected to increase to percent in , Caterpillar said. In , we plan to increase spending for capital assets, research and product development to enhance our prospects for long term growth and profitability, Chairman Donald Fites said in a statement accompanying the results. In addition, we intend to increase our investments for new business opportunities around the globe. Research and development spending is expected to rise percent from million in , the company said. Major initiatives include electric power generation, agricultural products, mining systems, compact machines and strengthening the company's product support system, Caterpillar said. 