Caterpillar Inc chief financial officer Douglas Oberhelman said Tuesday that an increase in U.S. dealer new machine inventories at the end of was intentional. It's higher than it was a year ago and that's by design, Olberhelman said in an interview with Reuters. As it turned out last year, we didn't have enough inventory in dealer hands and this year we will, we hope, he said. Some analysts expressed concern Tuesday at the increase in inventories. The Peoria, Illinois based heavy equipment maker Tuesday reported record net income of million or . a share for the fourth quarter, up from million or . a share a year ago and . ahead of consensus estimates. But the company's outlook that the profit level would approximate that of appeared to be pushing the stock lower Tuesday. Oberhelman defended the company's view of slowing U.S. economic growth in the face of analysts' comments that the view was too conservative. We're trying to call it as we see it, he said. I will tell you that a year ago, we called for a softer economy in the U.S. and it didn't happen. We were pleasantly surprised. He added that the company is prepared to increase production if demand is stronger than expected, as it did in . After focusing the last several years on improving operations, Oberhelman said the company now thinks it's time to increase spending on research and development and on capital assets to improve shareholder value in the future. Total capital expenditures were million in and are expected to rise to percent in , while research and development is expected to rise percent from the million spent in , Caterpillar said. It's going to be a little bit of everything, he said when asked if the expenditures would be focused on acquisition or internal development. He said the company is likely to continue its pace of about new or upgraded product introductions a year through . One area the company is looking to gain in is power generation equipment, a billion worldwide market Caterpillar sees tripling in the next several years. We'll still be building there, both internally and through acquisitions, he said. Caterpillar shares were down at Tuesday. Chicago newsdesk 