Sears, Roebuck and Co. Thursday said earnings jumped . percent in the fourth quarter, boosted by strong sales and improved profit margins during the Christmas selling season. We ended the year with excellent fourth quarter results, which are even more impressive given the strength of last year's fourth quarter, Sears Chairman Arthur Martinez said in a statement. December included the company's first ever back to back billion dollar sales weeks, he said. The Christmas season is crucial for retailers since store chains typically earn half or more of their annual profit during the period. They had a great capped off by the best Christmas of any department store operator, said Alan Rifkin, analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc. He noted that Sears' sales at comparable stores rose . percent in December. The nation's second largest retailer said earnings rose to million, or . a share, in the quarter, from million, or . a share, in the period. Sales grew . percent to . billion from . billion. The earnings beat Wall Street forecasts that averaged . a share, according to First Call, which tracks estimates. But Sears' stock fell to . on the New York Stock Exchange, mostly on profit taking. The stock was up strongly early in the week and I think people are just taking profits, Rifkin said. Analysts said Sears gained from its decision to remodel some stores and expand its clothing offerings. Clearly they're gaining market share and clearly they're doing the right thing and the consumer likes what she sees when she goes into the store, said Karen Sack, analyst at the S amp P Equity Group. Operating income from domestic operations rose . percent to million in the quarter as revenue rose . percent to . billion. Comparable store sales rose . percent for the quarter. Operating income from domestic operations for all of rose . percent to . billion, while revenues increased . percent to . billion. Gross margins as a percent of merchandise sales rose to . percent from . percent in the period. Rifkin said margins were not likely to rise as much in as in the fourth quarter, but said cost cutting should drive earnings growth this year. He forecast earnings at . a share in and . a share in , up from . a share in . International operations, including merchandising and credit operations in Canada and Mexico, earned million in the quarter, compared with a loss of million in the period. The increase in earnings was largely attributable to improved performance at both Sears Canada and Sears Mexico, lower selling and administrative expenses at Sears Mexico, and writeoffs of Sears Canada properties in the year ago quarter, it said. Sears, based in Hoffman Estates, Ill., operates more than department stores and , other stores offering clothing, home and automotive products and services. While earnings rose in the quarter, they fell for the year, in part because included a gain of million from the former Allstate Corp. subsidiary, which was spun off to Sears' shareholders in June . For all of , Sears earned . billion, or . a share, in net profits, down from . billion, or . a share, in . Sales grew percent to . billion from . billion. 