Midwest regional banks should continue their trend of low double digit earnings growth in the first quarter, with expense control, steady loan growth and share buybacks pacing results. We ought to see more of what we've been seeing slow loan growth, good expense control and share buybacks boosting earnings per share, Michael Ancell, banking industry analyst at Edward D. Jones, said. That earnings trend, which has been evident for Midwest banks for several quarters, is also expected to continue much of the year, even if the Federal Reserve raises rates again. A quarter point, or basis point or whatever higher federal funds rate doesn't make too much difference as far as what the year will look like, Thomas Maier, analyst at EVEREN Securities, said. With adjustable rate loans and more banks deriving revenues from fees and other areas, fluctuations in interest rates have less impact on bank earnings than in the past, analysts said. Rising rates could pressure thrift earnings later this year, analysts warn. Inherently, it's much more difficult to match the rate sensitivity of both sides of their balance sheets, Ben Crabtree, analyst at Dain Bosworth, said. They don't have much in the way of adjustable rate loans. While earnings growth looks strong for the rest of the year for Midwest banks, analysts are eying consumer loans, including credit card loans, for signs of higher delinquencies and charge offs. First Chicago NBD Corp last month warned of a difficult credit environment for its card business for the rest of the year. Credit concerns could also slow consumer loan growth, analysts noted. We're expecting consumer loan growth to have slowed for a number of these companies, with bankers becoming a little more gun shy, Ancell said. The following are first quarter mean estimates, according to First Call, compared with first quarter actual earnings Q Q Banc One Corp . . Commerce Bancshares Inc . . Firstar Corp . . First Bank System Inc . . First Chicago . . KeyCorp . . Mercantile Bancorp Inc . . National City Corp . . Northern Trust Corp . . Norwest Corp . . TCF Financial Corp . . Chicago newsdesk, 