European aircraft maker Airbus looks set to soar higher in following a bumper order from airline USAir on Wednesday, but tough decisions still need to be made on its products and ownership to secure the long term future. Airbus Industrie announced on Wednesday one of the biggest orders in aviation history with the Pittsburgh based airline's command for planes in the A narrow body family of passenger jets and options for a further . List price for the orders was estimated at . billion. The USAir victory follows Monday's order by Emirates, a Gulf based airline, for Airbus A s worth billion, which beat out a rival offer of Boeing Co's . The order backlog is really healthy, Emmanuel Dubois Pelerin, analyst at ratings agency S amp P Adef said. The order book would sustain or even increase production rates for and , he added. An Airbus spokesman confidently forecast the consortium would rack up firm orders this year exceeding planes, compared to last year. While there are no worries on products and profitability for the next two or three years there are uncertainties further ahead stemming from Airbus' change in legal status and implications for projects, particularly the A XX large plane and stretched A long range jet. Airbus is a partnership made up of French state owned Ste Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale, British Aerospace Plc, Daimler Benz Aerospace, a unit of Daimler Benz AG and Construcciones Aeronauticas SA CASA of Spain. In the interests of increasing market responsiveness and competitiveness, Airbus wants to change into a joint stock company by . Discussions are being held among the partners to decide the shape of the future company. It also has to find external financing for the XX plane. Airbus has said it wants to find between percent of external risk sharing for the XX, which it estimates will cost billion to develop. Dubois Pelerin said he believed Airbus would have to choose to build either the stretched A or the XX, as running both at the same time would overload its finances, But the Airbus spokesman said the consortium would be able to finance development of both the and the XX, with the stretched a top priority in the near term. Airbus is under severe time pressure to come up with a rival to Boeing's monopoly at the large capacity segment with its and combination which hit Airbus hard in . Boeing is studying the X and X derivatives of its Jumbo jet, which has been a cashcow since it entered service in the s, but which nearly broke the company in development. The new jumbos are expected to cost around million a piece, which industry sources said prompted Airbus' senior vice president commercial John Leahy to announce earlier this week that the XX would cost million. The Airbus supervisory board last month asked for the business case for the to be presented in mid December to allow an early decision on whether to launch the product. If it were launched, the seater could be in service in late and head off competition from the early versions of the . If the seater XX goes ahead, it would fly in and tackle the derivatives. A signature earlier this week with Rolls Royce Plc on using its Trent engine for the XX will allow Airbus to supply important performance data such as fuel burn, range and take off and landing weight to the airlines it is talking to for its marketing studies. 