State owned Air France is under pressure from the French government to drop any thought of buying Boeing long haul jets from the U.S. and stick with the French based Airbus equivalent, industry sources said on Friday. They said that Air France chairman Christian Blanc flew into a political storm after saying on Thursday that the French flag carrier might use a mix of Boeing and Airbus planes in its planned new long haul fleet, expected to cost some billion. One industry source said the pressure on Blanc had come from Transport Minister Bernard Pons. It's clear there is extremely strong political pressure, head of the SNPL pilots union Geoffrey Bouvet said on Friday. Blanc on Thursday told the business newspaper Les Echos there was no conflict in flying both the Airbus and Boeing aircraft. They are complementary...Today like yesterday, we need both Airbus and Boeing. He added that he did not expect government opposition if the company bought from both European Airbus Industrie consortium and arch rival Boeing. The minister, having talked to Airbus, has been told that there will be an equivalent Airbus product. It is perfectly natural that he ask the national company to invest in Airbus, a transport ministry spokeswoman said. Any decision will go to Prime Minister Alain Juppe for ratification, the transport ministry spokeswoman said. France's state owned Aerospatiale is a senior partner in Airbus. The others are British Aerospace Plc, Daimler Benz Aerospace, a unit of Daimler Benz AG and Construcciones Aeronauticas SA CASA of Spain. At the heart of the debate, apart from technical merits of the fleet, is Blanc's desire to run the airline as a normal company along commercial lines, free of political intervention. Blanc's mandate is to turn round the airline, prepare it for privatisation and deregulation of European air travel from . He has forecast the group was on track to break even this year. Because of the political sensitivity, a committee of Air France board members was formed to evaluate the products and will submit its conclusion on December . The union's Bouvet said Air France should be left to choose the right planes for particular routes rather than have a fleet imposed by the government. A mixed fleet could make economic sense, if a world class airline such as Singapore Airlines could fly both Airbus and Boeing, he said. Air France is expected to order between five and planes. The official list price for the A is around million. The plane seats passengers in a typical three class layout and can fly up to , nautical miles or , km. The Boeing flies in two basic versions. The seats between to in three classes and has a catalogue price of million, and has a range of , nautical miles, or , km. The , officially priced at million million, seats between and , flies , miles or , km. A Boeing spokesman said the company has made a number of offers to Air France using different product mixes. Airbus itself declined to comment. The Air France operating company in June reported a first half operating profit of million francs compared with a loss of million in the first half of . 