Air France on Wednesday ordered Boeing jetliners and Airbus jets, and the government owned airline reported dramatically improved profits of million francs million in the first half. The profit estimate for the six months ending Sept. , disclosed in an Air France board statement, compared with a loss of million francs million a year ago. The improved results and Air France's aim to break even in was underlined by the orders for Boeing twinjets and options for more. The airline also ordered five Airbus A s, confirmed five orders made in June and took options for an additional five. Air France Chairman Christian Blanc won vital support from French Prime Minister Alain Juppe to buy from Seattle based Boeing instead of ordering solely from its archrival Airbus Industrie, the European consortium based in southwest France. At list prices, which are rarely paid, the orders and options for the Boeing version ordered could be worth around . billion. Airbus would stand to gain . billion. List prices for the B range between million and million, while the Airbus A costs million to million. In the reorganization of its fleet, Air France is obliged to buy Boeing, Transport Minister Bernard Pons told parliament. It is obliged to meet commitments made in unless it accepts losing deposits and taking legal action, which risks being much more expensive than making this decision. The French airline had outstanding Boeing orders worth million and billion in options, Pons said, adding that the airline had skilfully negotiated the latest order to respect the initial commitment. The three government representatives on the Air France board approved the Boeing purchase not because they are the best or the most profitable but because they best meet the company's needs, Pons said. Air France had also accepted to be a launch customer for the planned A , a stretched version of the A , he said. Airbus hopes to build the seater to smash Boeing's monopoly in the large capacity aircraft segment. Air France said that, due to financial problems, it froze at the end of all aircraft orders, including the Boeing order, and opened talks with the two plane makers. Air France has since reorganized its fleet, restructured its network around a centralized hub at Paris Charles De Gaulle airport and optimised aircraft use. It has over the past two years increased the number of flying hours by percent. Pons welcomed Air France's financial results, saying The results are very encouraging. 