State owned Air France on Wednesday reported dramatically improved earnings of million francs million in the first half and placed a bumper order for Boeing and Airbus aircraft, plus options. The profit estimate for the six months to September , which emerged in an Air France board statement, compared with a loss of million francs a year ago. The improved results and Air France's aim to break even in was underlined with orders for Boeing twinjets, and options for more. The airline also ordered five Airbus A s, confirmed five orders made in June and options for a further five. Air France chairman Christian Blanc won vital support from Prime Minister Alain Juppe to buy from Seattle based Boeing instead of ordering solely from its archrival Airbus Industrie , the European consortium based in southwest France. At catalogue prices, which are rarely paid, the orders and options for the Boeing version ordered could be worth around . billion. Airbus would stand to gain . billion. List prices for the B range between and million, while the Airbus A costs to million. In the reorganisation of its fleet, Air France is obliged to buy Boeing, Transport Minister Bernard Pons told parliament. It is obliged to meet commitments made in , unless it accepts losing deposits and taking legal action which risks being much more expensive than taking this decision. The French airline had orders outstanding with Boeing worth million and billion of options, Pons said, adding that the airline had skillfully negotiated the latest order to respect the initial undertaking. The three state representatives on the Air France board approved the Boeing purchase not because they are the best or the most profitable but because they best meet the company's needs, Pons said. Air France had also accepted to be a launch customer for the planned A , a stretched version of the A , he said. Airbus hopes to build the seater to smash Boeing's monopoly at the large capacity aircraft segment. Air France said that due to financial problems, it froze at the end of all aircraft orders, including the Boeing order, and opened talks with the two plane makers. Air France has since rationalised its fleet, restructured its network around a centralised hub at Paris Charles De Gaulle airport and optimised aircraft use. It has over the past two years increased the number of flying hours by percent. Pons welcomed Air France's financial results, saying The results are very encouraging. The company said it made its profit despite a rise in spending on fuel of nearly million francs for the period. Turnover was up nearly five percent to . billion francs due to a . percent increase in passenger traffic and a . percent rise in freight. Operating profit rose nearly percent to . billion francs, compared with million in the year earlier period. The pretax, pre exceptional result tripled to million francs. Air France was ahead by a little more than million francs of its budget at the six months stage, the company said. The first half is traditionally better for seasonal reasons and should not be used to extrapolate for the full year, it added. Debt stood at . billion francs at September , versus . billion at March , . The repayment of . billion francs significantly exceeded the last tranche of its state recapitalisation paid in September. The Boeing order consists of the heavier Increased Gross Weight version of the basic , equipped with GE engines built by General Electric and France's Snecma. The B will seat passengers in three classes. The Airbus order is for the A E version equipped with CFM C engines. . French Franc 