French electrical equipment company Schneider aims to almost double its return on equity capital to percent in the next three years, executive vice president Michel Staib told Reuters. Our objective is to have a net return on capital, before amortisation of goodwill, of percent...in three years, he said in an interview. It's a reasonable plan. That compared to just over eight percent in , he said. The improvement will come from pruning down Schneider to core electrical activities and an internal re engineering programme. Schneider shares have risen strongly in the past few weeks as analysts considered the stock undervalued and welcomed the pending sale of the Spie Batignolles unit, which has dragged on the group's results. The stock has risen around percent since mid December when news of its Spie sale hit the market. The shares closed on Wednesday at . francs. About a third of the capital is in non domestic hands. All the group companies are profitable and with the sale of construction company Spie Batignolles, Schneider is at a diamond point, Staib said. Staib did not rule out further disposals depending on market and technology changes but Schneider is now well focused. Schneider will seek growth in emerging markets, in South America and Asia, including India. It wants Asia to contribute at least percent of group turnover before the end of the decade compared to percent in . Schneider has expanded its operations in China, increasing the number of employees to , from five years ago. The company also wants to increase its share in Germany from a tiny three to four percent of a market which Staib says is the world's third largest. Germany accounted for . percent of turnover in , or three billion francs. It will seek alliances with other industrial companies rather than acquire firms, as the Germany market is tightly held. Expansion in emerging markets will also be done through local alliances and joint ventures. Schneider last year bought out Daimler Benz AG's percent share in AEG Schneider Automation unit. Schneider posted sales of . billion francs and net attributable profit of million. It reported first half net profit of million francs, at the low end of market expectations. Schneider is selling Spie to Amec Plc and to Spie employees for one billion francs, subject to regulatory approvals. Amec will gain between . percent of Spie for an injection of million stg. Pierre Tran, Paris newsroom 