British media company EMAP said on Monday it expected to bring a damaging boardroom row to a swift conclusion and build on a strong first half profit performance. Finance director David Grigson told Reuters that he believed that an extraordinary general meeting next month would resolve the boardroom battle that has undermined the company's share price in recent weeks. The EGM will be a purging process. It will clear the air and leave us with a smaller and happier board, he said. The EGM, scheduled for December , has been called to seek the removal of rebel non executive directors Ken Simmonds and Joe Cooke from the board. The pair have led the opposition to changes made to the company's articles at its annual general meeting in July. The changes remove a requirement to maintain at least five non executive directors and allow a director to be ousted if percent of the board vote for his removal. EMAP shares, which had fallen from p in early October, gained p to p after first half profits beat expectations and the company made a bullish statement on its second half prospects. Pre tax, pre exceptional profit grew by percent to . million pounds . million in the six months to September , . The company also posted a one off gain of . million pounds on the sale in June of its regional newspaper business to Johnston Press Plc. EMAP began life as a regional newspaper company in but has now decided to focus on commercial radio, consumer magazines and business communications trade papers and exhibitions. It is one of Britain's top commercial radio operators and has a percent share of the French consumer magazine market. Interim dividend was increased from . p to . p as the company looked to the future with optimism. EMAP said that margins should improve as paper prices continue to decline. Proceeds from the sale of the regional newspaper business should lead to a significant reduction in interest charges. EMAP is optimistic about the prospects for the second half, and looks forward to a further sustained period of profit growth, the company said. Operating profit from its British consumer magazines totalled . million pounds while the recent acquisition of Tele Star helped its French magazine operation more than double profits to . million. Radio contributed million pounds to operating profits, boosted by the acquisition last year of several stations in north east England. Business communications made an operating profit of . million. . Pound 