Britain's Granada Group, which won control of hotel and catering empire Forte in January, Wednesday reported a percent surge in full year profits to million pounds million . The media and leisure group said that it would deliver on its promise to improve profits at Forte by over million pounds . million per annum from . Calling the results very satisfying, Granada Chairman Gerry Robinson told Reuters, The key has been the speed with which we have been able to move on the Forte businesses. Granada took over family controlled Forte in a . billion pound . billion deal earlier this year after a bitter bid battle that raged over the Christmas and New Year period months ago. The company said Forte had responded well to its management and that it had already improved profitability there by approaching million pounds million . Granada continues to reorganize following the acquisition of Britain's leading hotel group. Robinson said there was substantial interest from a wide range of potential purchasers of the luxury hotels it has put on the market. Granada sold the first of the Exclusive hotels Tuesday when Hong Kong based Mandarin Oriental International Ltd. bought London's Hyde Park Hotel for million pounds million . Robinson said Granada expected to complete the disposals by early . Analysts calculate the sale of assets including the George V in Paris and Plaza Athenee in New York will raise a total of about million pounds . billion . The Granada chairman said the company hoped to sell the Welcome Break chain of British motorway service areas in January or February of next year. The sites were acquired in the Forte deal but must be sold off because of monopoly concerns. But he said there were no plans to sell the . percent stake Granada holds in pay television operator British Sky Broadcasting. Group turnover in the year to end September climbed percent to . billion pounds . billion . Total dividend was raised by percent to p . cents per share. Granada shares, which had risen in recent days in anticipation of bumper results, fell by p . cents to p . in a generally gloomy market. The largest contribution came from the Restaurants division, which boosted profit before interest and tax by percent to million pounds . million as the Forte acquisition bore fruit. The new Hotels unit contributed million . million while Media, including Granada's two British commercial television stations, made million . million , up percent. Profits from the high street rentals arm was marginally higher at million million . 