British mobile telephone company Cellnet on Friday reported strong growth in its customer numbers, confirming the British cellular market is healthy, already indicated by figures from rival Vodafone Group. Cellnet, jointly owned by British Telecom and Securicor Group, said it had . million UK customers at the end of , up from . million a year earlier. Vodafone, the market leader in Britain, on Thursday reported a percent increase in UK subscriber numbers over as a whole, reaching a total of some . million in December. The market has settled down after a period of very rapid expansion at the beginning of the decade when mobile phones were a novelty. However, analysts were impressed by the figures from Britain's two largest cellular companies and said there were signs of an increase in the rate of subscriber growth. Vodafone's performance was particularly creditable since historically they have done badly in Q while Cellnet did well, due to Cellnet's relative focus on the consumer market, broker SBC Warburg said in a research note. Vodafone gained a net , UK subscribers in the last three months of last year once cancellations had been taken into account and said that its performance was an improvement on the corresponding quarter. Vodafone shares added p to p on Friday, reversing the losses suffered in a generally weak market on Thursday. Cellnet said its subscriber base had grown by , in the last three months of last year, against an increase of , in the Christmas quarter of . But Cellnet said that had been a bumper year and noted that the growth in its customer base was significantly higher than in the two previous quarters. Both Vodafone and Cellnet are in the process of transferring their customers from older analogue networks to more efficient digital systems. Vodafone said that more than . million of its UK customers were now on the digital network while Cellnet said it had over , digital customers. One One and Orange ORA.L, which offer only digital services, are due to release their connection figures next week. Orange shares were . p higher at p on Friday. 