A lone Russian with a European record breaking performance kept the Chinese women's swimming team from a clean sweep on the final day of the World Cup short course series on Thursday. The Chinese women struck gold by powering their way to eight victories in nine events, failing to capture only the metres backstroke. Nina Zhyvanevskaya of Russia took the crown in that event when she smashed the European record by a full . second with her time of . seconds. In the other heats it was China all the way. Wang Luna led Olympic gold medallist Claudia Poll throughout the metres freestyle and not even a mid contest surge by the powerful Costa Rican could propel her ahead of Wang, who clinched the win with a time of . . Rising star Chen Yan, who took home two golds in Wednesday's finals, emerged victorious in the metres individual medley. The year old also took silver in the metres individual medley and bronze in the metres backstroke. Han Xie drew wild cheers from the crowd as she came within a hair's breadth of breaking the world record in the metres breaststroke, clocking . seconds, just . second outside the record books. The Chinese women's squad is seeking to re establish world dominance after seven swimmers were banned in an embarrassing doping scandal at the Asian Games. Lu Bin, who made her first appearance in an international event on Wednesday since she was suspended in the Asian Games scandal, placed a lowly sixth in the metres backstroke. Shan Ying glided to gold in the metres freestyle, Qu Yun seized the title in the metres butterfly and Mi Tong won the metres breaststroke. The women's gold haul was rounded out by Sun Guiling's victory in the metres individual medley and Cai Huijue's metres butterfly triumph. China's men's team echoed their Wednesday night performance with a haul of three out of eight available golds. Jiang Chengji outpaced Jamaican Sion Brinn in the metres freestyle. Brinn won the metres freestyle on Wednesday. Australia's Adrian Radley captured gold with his time of . in the metres backstroke while Marcel Wouda of the Netherlands notched up his third victory in Beijing with a win in the metres individual medley. Ian Wilson of Britain swam to a surprise victory in the metres freestyle while German Jens Kruppa took the metres breaststroke title. The next leg of the eight round World Cup series, which carries , in prize money, is on January in Espoo, Finland. 