Australian paper and packaging group Amcor Ltd is expected on Monday to post a heavy slump in annual profit, due to lower paper prices and weak demand in its home market, but analysts feel the worst may soon be over. The group, which recently warned the stock market its July June results would be down on its record net profit, is tipped to announce a fall of around eight percent in pre abnormal net earnings. Stock analysts are forecasting on average a result of A million pre abnormal profit in , according to BZW Investment Management's BARCEPS forecasting service. But Amcor, which is highly sensitive to both world paper prices and the Australian economic cycle, is coming off a record year in , when a surge in paper prices and a strong local economy lifted the bottom line by percent to A . million. In the first half of , prices turned against the group, which relies for percent of its turnover on white paper sales, and the domestic economy has remained flat. Prices have fallen in the order of about percent since their peak in late calendar , one paper market source said. In a sign of the times, Amcor's percent owned paper merchant Spicers Paper Ltd reported last Monday a percent slide in annual net profit to A . million. There's been some pretty tough markets there and I think the Australian economy is flat and the paper cycle has gone against them a bit, said Brisbane based analyst John Clifford, of Morgan Stockbroking Ltd. Sales are expected to exceed last year's A . billion, but margins have been squeezed and are likely to remain tight through at least the first half of , the analysts said. But Clifford and a Melbourne based analyst told Reuters they saw pre abnormal net profit stabilising at around A million in and recovering the next year. As soon as there is some sort of pick up in economic growth, you will see it start to improve, the Melbourne based analyst told Reuters on Thursday. I am positive in the longer term, she added. Amcor, one of the world's top ten paper and packaging groups, has paper packaging operations in Europe, the United States, Asia and New Zealand. It has maintained double digit growth in net profit for all but four of the past five years. Despite the current downturn, it has continued to expand its offshore operations, buying percent of Belgian UCB SA's flexible packing unit in May for about A million. It has also allocated A million to expand paper production in Australia, where it commands about percent of the market for fine papers. Morgan's Clifford said he believed these and other capital investments totalling A . billion over the past two and a half years would begin to bolster the bottom line in . These sorts of programmes will certainly come through with increased profits through and especially through , Clifford said. The four to five year outlook is pretty strong, he added. Melbourne bureau 