Australian resources and steel group The Broken Hill Pty Co. BHP posted a . percent fall in first half profits Friday, disappointing the share market but avoiding another mauling by investors. BHP, whose shares have been hammered since its key markets in steel and copper turned sour six months ago, posted a A million million net profit for the six months to Nov. , down from A . million for the year ago period. But Australia's largest quoted company had its bottom line boosted by an abnormal gain of A million million and investors were initially not impressed. It's pretty lousy, said one fund manager's stock analyst. Another analyst disappointed with the result said the resources giant was still on track for a modest profit recovery for the full year to May , . Though BHP's battered copper division showed improvement, with the North American copper operations swinging back into profit, analysts had expected a first half group operating profits of around A million . million . Instead, BHP's operating profits fell . percent from the year ago period to A million . million . But managing director John Prescott said the second quarter figures showed faster improvement in performance and that, despite weak copper and steel prices, the group was still investing in future growth. Citing a sharp jump in exploration expenditure in the half year, he told reporters That's an important part of sustaining our growth. Including abnormals, BHP's minerals, copper and steel divisions all contributed higher earnings in the latest three months against the August quarter. The steel division's earnings were flat. Petroleum was the biggest earner with A million . million , but this included an abnormal gain of A million million from the settlement of a dispute over a gas resource tax. BHP Petroleum's operating profits also included a A million . million windfall from asset sales and a larger than expected exploration expense. BHP's minerals division, a major world producer of iron ore and coal, doubled its contribution to profit in the second quarter to A million . million , due largely to higher world prices. BHP Copper benefitted from a recent firming in the copper price and a cut of U.S. cents per pound in its North American operating costs to post a second quarter profit of A million . million , up from A million . million in the first quarter. The U.S. copper operations, acquired last January with the US . billion . billion purchase of Magma Copper, made a loss on a full cost basis in the first quarter. Prescott said Friday Magma had swung back into profit in the second quarter. BHP Steel's second quarter profit was flat at A million . million . 