Australian based Foster's Brewing Group Ltd reported on Monday a small rise in interim net profit, but the bottom line result hid a strong performance from the group's home brews. Foster's posted a . percent increase in net earnings to A . million, after booking a A . million abnormal loss. The loss was due mainly to ongoing restructuring costs of the group's percent owned Canadian brewer, Molson Breweries, and concealed a percent rise in pre abnormal net earnings to A million. Foster's chief executive Ted Kunkel largely attributed the rise in pre abnormal earnings to a sparkling performance from the group's domestic powerhouse, Carlton and United Breweries CUB , in the six months to December . CUB had a four percent increase in the volume of beer sold, a remarkable result in a beer market which rose only . percent, he said in a statement. CUB, which has taken a commanding market lead in Australia over chief rival Lion Nathan, contributed A . million in earnings before interest and tax, a rise of . percent over the first half of July June . The group result came in at slightly below the average forecast for first half profit of around A million. The share price dipped a few cents after the announcement, but a Sydney broker said the stock was also moving to the tune of speculation Foster's may buy back the percent stake held by resources giant The Broken Hill Pty Co Ltd. BHP indicated on Sunday it was in no hurry to sell its Foster's investment. Foster's shares were trading at A . at GMT . p.m. , down five cents on Friday's close. Foster's said it expected earnings before interest and tax EBIT to be higher in the year to June than the A million reported in , but that interest costs and the re emergence of tax liability on Australian income would have an impact on the overall earnings for the year. But Foster's said losses at its brewing operation in China widened in the six months ended December , . Foster's said its China operations recorded a loss before interest and tax of A . million in the first half compared with a loss of A . million in the first half. It said revenues in China for the half rose to A . million up from A . million a year earlier, with volumes sold rising to , hectolitres compared with , hectolitres. Foster's wine unit, Mildara Blass, contributed A . million in earnings before interest and tax EBIT on sales of A . million, while its Rothbury Wines acquisition, completed in July , was on track to achieved targeted first year earnings growth. Melbourne bureau 