Australian aluminium producer Comalco Ltd is expected to report a nose dive in net profit for calendar after prices and exchange rates turned against it. Comalco, owned percent by RTZ Corp Plc CRA Ltd, is predicted on average to post a pre abnormal net profit of A million, a fraction of the A . million it earned in , according to the Barceps forecasting service. The bottom line may even dip itself in red ink after a net abnormal loss of A million stemming from Comalco's November decision to end kaolin production, two analysts told Reuters. Comalco, which posted a net profit after abnormals of A . million in , was Asia's biggest supplier of kaolin clay, used in paper manufacturing. The company has already warned of a dismal second six months of . In December it forecast a second half loss and admitted prices and exchange rates were not entirely to blame. Higher smelting costs also figured in Comalco's warning to the stock market, particularly at its New Zealand plant, which is being upgraded to expand annual production at the Tiwai Point plant by , tonnes to about , tonnes. They have seriously screwed up their costs, one Melbourne based analyst told Reuters. The analyst compared Comalco's performance with a relative minnow, Capral Ltd, which he said earned a profit before interest and tax from a smelting base a third the size. And they Capral don't have the upstream businesses which Comalco do, which are profitable, the analyst said, referring to Comalco's bauxite mining and alumina refining businesses. But analysts agreed weak aluminium prices and a strong Australian dollar did the overwhelming majority of the damage to Comalco's bottom line in . The average LME three month aluminium price fell percent, or percent in Australian dollar terms, in . It was U.S. cents per pound over , but slipped to cents for the first half of . It was around cents in the second half. The market was unkind in other ways. Comalco's price premiums in Asia also came under pressure as weak demand in Europe prompted European and Middle East smelters to dump aluminium on the company's traditional market, said analyst Umit Safak, of HSBC James Capel. An appreciating Australian dollar also inflicted pain. But analysts are forecasting a strong return to profit in , with the Australia dollar already sitting well below its peak of over U.S. cents in December and the aluminium price back up to around cents per pound. The outlook is positive and I am optimistic, one Sydney based analyst told Reuters, citing earnings growth from Comalco's half owned Boyne Island smelter in Queensland state. A third pot line is being added to the smelter, adding over , tonnes to its annual output from mid . Comalco's share of production was , tonnes in . Comalco is due to report its results on Monday. Melbourne bureau 