With the World Bank forecasting a percent increase in Asian energy demand each year for the next decade, one could be forgiven for viewing the entire Asian power stock sector as a good bet. Wrong. Uncertainty in the form of rapid change looms over one of Asia's most important equity sectors, making short term value hard to find, analysts say. Just some of the wild cards include the privatisation of state utilities, a plethora of new, independent power producers IPPs and a diverse and government controlled tariff structure. There is an escalation of the risk reward ratio of power investments, given the massive changes the industry is undergoing, said BZW Asia Research analyst Thomas Chesser. A number of project specific, speculative issues are turning once predictable, stable and defensive power investments into high risk, high reward plays. STOCK SELECTION CRITICAL Longer term, many Asian power companies are bound to offer strong returns with estimated demand requiring , megawatts more capacity each month for a decade, implying annual investment of more than US billion. But all analysts agree stock selection will be critical to avoid a variety of short term hazards. In the past, Asian power stocks tended to track regional markets, but over the next few years up to percent of all new generating assets will be derived from IPPs, creating much greater divergence in share price performance. Valuations will also come under pressure from a flood of new equity. Within the next two years, the Electric Authority of Thailand EGAT and National Power Corp in the Philippines are both due for privatization, with another three privatisations in the next four years. The privatisations will join a slew of new equity from the US . billion Bakun hydroelectric dam project, YTL Corp Bhd and Port Dickson Power in Malaysia, Beijing Datang Power Generation Co and Huaneng Power International in China and Korea Electric Power Corp KEPCO in South Korea. In total, a flood of about US . billion in new paper will hit Asian markets this year. While increasing the alternatives available to investors, it is probable that new supply will reduce premiums accorded to already listed companies, Goldman Sachs analyst Hilary Judis wrote in a recent research report. HIGH PREMIUM STOCKS SET TO FALL Valuations are also expected to rationalise following Southern Electric's US . billion acquisition of Consolidated Electric Power Asia Ltd CEPA last October. The deal's premium of percent to net present value provides a new international benchmark that could speed up an evening out of domestic stock valuations. Many stocks trading at high premiums can expect to fall sharply. What CEPA has done is call attention to market transactions. A lot of people will view it as a benchmark for value against domestic valuations, Chesser said. It's only been three or four months so we haven't seen the trickledown come through yet, but some of the dearer IPPs will see the premiums come down. This is not just intuition but based on a survey of fund managers, he added. KEPCO GETS BUY RECOMMENDATION While analysts all commend careful stock picking as the only safe route through this maze, their recommendations vary widely with one notable exception KEPCO enjoys a buy recommendation from virtually every Asian analyst. As the sole government owned and operated utility in South Korea, KEPCO enjoys a virtual monopoly on electricity generation and transmission in South Korea, accounting for percent of all electricity generation last year. The stock, with a percent weighting on the Seoul stock market, fell in line with the broad sell off in South Korean shares in the second half last year before making a breathtaking recovery this month. Despite expectations of weak earnings from higher fuel prices and a punishing foreign exchange rate, KEPCO is now trading at about , won against a month low of , . Analysts said the stock appears to have priced in expectations of a percent decline in earnings and now is trading in anticipation of a much better year in , aided by a tariff increase and improved fuel prices. Although any further depreciation in the won will likely not be helpful to KEPCO we expect the decline in oil prices to more than compensate, said Caroline Rogers at Merrill Lynch. CHINA'S HNP FAVOURED, EXPANDING China's Huaneng Power International HNP is also favoured by most analysts, but it does not enjoy KEPCO's universal popularity. Merrill Lynch said HNP, with the highest valuation among the four Chinese power companies, is known for its strong relationships always important in Asia and a quality management led by Li Xiaopeng, the son of China's premier Li Peng. Li senior runs the State Council, overseeing capital expenditure and tariff increases. HNP is expanding its existing four power plants to , megawatts over the next five years from , megawatts now, boosting annual earnings growth by a projected percent. Most analysts also like Hong Kong and China Gas for its stable earnings growth, China exposure and property investments. But Hong Kong Electric and China Light and Power received a mixed response thanks an uncertain regulatory environment, unstable earnings outlook and problems with overcapacity. Manila Electric Co in the Philippines is also popular as a monopoly with good exposure to an accelerating economy. But some analysts warn the stock's valuation, formerly justified by strong profit growth and positioning, will have to change to reflect no more tariff increases until the year . And while some expect Meralco to benefit from the privatisation of National Power Corporation, which is run by many ex Meralco personnel, others see increased investor choice eroding Meralco's share premium. Analysts are neutral to negative on Malaysia's Tenaga Nasional Bihad, which faces a loss of its monopoly on transmission and distribution, uncertainty surrounding any tariff increases, and the possibility that the government will demand that the company provide a rebate to customers damaged by a recent blackout. 