Hong Kong fund managers and life insurers are smacking their lips in anticipation of a very promising pie Hong Kong's public pension plan. Although much uncertainty still hangs over the proposed Mandatory Provident Fund MPF , Hong Kong registered pension assets could triple if MPF regulations are passed by July , the date China reassumes sovereignty over the British colony. By any measure, this is a very substantial market, said Terry Smith, chief executive at National Mutual Asia. Life insurer National Mutual Asia, percent owned by Australia's National Mutual Holdings, is just one insurance company with its eyes on a market traditionally dominated by a handful of large Hong Kong based fund managers. If a particular company were to get percent market share, it would involve the receipt of contributions of HK billion US million per annum, said Smith. To put that in perspective, NMA's current premium and contribution revenue is about HK billion US million . Hong Kong pension assets are now valued at about HK billion US . billion , nearly all held in government and corporate funds such as those belonging to the Swire Group, the Jardine Group, Hongkong Electric, Hongkong Telecom and the Hong Kong Jockey Club. If MPF regulations are approved, those assets will reach HK billion US . billion within five years with annual contributions projected at HK billion US . billion , independent adviser Watson Wyatt Hong Kong Ltd said. Until now, Hong Kong's Big Three fund managers HSBC Asset Management, Schroders Investment Management and Jardine Fleming Investment Management have dominated the pension scene. HSBC has US . billion under management while Schroders, a unit of British investment bank Schroders Plc, manages US . billion. Jardine Fleming manages US . billion. Smaller participants who hope to play a bigger role include Fidelity with US billion, LGT Asset Management, a unit of Liechtenstein Global Trust AG at US million, and Barclays Global Investors and Invesco with about US million each. But insurance companies such as NMA and Hong Kong's insurance market leader, American International Assurance, are in a strong position to challenge these fund managers. Ninety percent of Hong Kong companies employ fewer than people, which will give the insurers' extensive sales and distribution networks the sort of advantage that could quickly build into a stranglehold on the new market. Most employers will see MPF as a real pain in the neck. It's a hassle where formerly they didn't have hassle, said Andy Budden, investment consultant with Watson Wyatt. What they will want to do is buy an off the shelf product rather than put something together themselves. The advantage will lie with the provider who can get on the street and sell. The market will also be snapped up in the first few years, he said, which explains why these companies are working hard to become the first out of the starting gate. Once this initial tranche of business is snapped up, turnover and new business will be low, Budden said. So you'll have an edge if you can get out quickly and market it. Hong Kong's fund managers are sufficiently disconcerted that four of them Jardine Fleming, Schroders, LGT and Invesco are reported to be considering pooling administrative resources. However, all this preparation could amount to a waste of time if the Legislative Council fails to enact subsidiary MPF legislation and regulations quickly. Framework legislation has passed and the MPF office said it hopes to table the legislation by April. But some councillors are opposed to the principle of a public pension plan and have vowed to slow down the process. Also, a number of regulations have roused debate, including a provision requiring the pensions to hold percent of assets in Hong Kong dollar denominated instruments. If this provision holds, it will light a fire under Hong Kong's dormant debt market, which suffers from a government surplus and a negative real rate environment thanks to the Hong Kong dollar U.S. currency link. HK US . Hong Kong Newsroom 