An uneventful week of sideways trade is expected on most Asian markets following news that China's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping had died on Wednesday. Although many of the smaller Asian markets virtually ignored the news, Hong Kong and Taiwan surprised some investors by trading higher. A strong week in Tokyo is not expected to last and regional traders said quality buying had yet to surface in Bangkok, this week's surprise performer. The Stock Exchange of Thailand index has gained seven percent in the past eight trading days, recovering from the previous week's sharp slide on news of a debt rating review by Moody's Investors Service Inc. Most of the other small Asian markets expect a week of sideways trade, although some could suffer from trader reports of fund flows out of Asia into Latin America. They can't find anything in Asia to buy, said one head trader. In Singapore and Malaysia, the earnings growth isn't massive and elsewhere it's not great. Investors expect better value in Latin America. HONG KONG Stocks are expected to refocus on fundamentals in the week ahead and could trade sideways for much of the time although hopes of healthy corporate earnings may provide a positive bias, analysts said. The market had a rocky ride last week, quaking on concerns about the health of China's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping before rallying after his death cleared the uncertainty. The Hang Seng Index rose . points, or . percent, over the week to close at , . on Friday. The rise included a . point surge on Thursday following Deng's death. On the fundamental side there is not much change, said Kelvin Tang, an analyst at ImPac Asset Management. TOKYO The Japanese stock market's key index is likely to struggle to find a firm foothold at the , level in the coming week, after it ended above that threshold on Friday for the first time this year. The benchmark has reached a stage where it is getting close to retracing one third of its worth from the January low of , and the high of , marked on June , said Okasan Securities general manager Akihiro Naemura. On Friday, the Nikkei average of leading shares ended down . points or . percent at , . . In the course of the week, the barometer rose . points or . percent. BANGKOK The Stock Exchange of Thailand SET Index is expected to post further gains in the week ahead as foreign and local investors follow through on a strong two day rally, analysts said. But buying is likely to be short term and selective ahead of a central bank release of balance of payments data due on Thursday. The Stock Exchange of Thailand SET index gained . percent from last Friday to . points on Thursday as speculative pressure on the currency eased. Markets were closed on Friday for a Buddhist holiday. TAIPEI Taiwan share prices are seen rising further in the week ahead on widespread expectations of continued economic recovery and on easing fears of political instability after the death of Chinese paramount leader Deng Xiaoping, brokers said. The government statistics agency announced on Thursday that Taiwan's gross domestic product growth was . percent in the fourth quarter of , higher than a forecast of . percent. Investors are confident that the index will continue to reflect the economy's sound fundamentals, said David Yu, vice president for International Investment Trust Co. The index slid . points or . percent to , . against last week's close of , . . KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian blue chips could trend higher in the week ahead on an influx of local and foreign buyers targeting lower valued main board stocks, dealers said. I think it will be a good week, said Ralph Dixon, of TA Securities' international division. Corporate earnings and economic data including December trade figures will take centre stage, dealers said. Kuala Lumpur's benchmark Composite Index of big cap stocks closed . points or . percent higher at , . on Friday. SEOUL Consolidation combined with worries about rising interest rates will pressure the Korean market in the week ahead, brokers said. Many investors are worried about gradually rising interest rates and they believe there will be further rises, said Hwang Chang joong of LG Securities. Much worse than expected corporate results, due to be announced in the coming week, will also hurt the market. The composite stock index fell . points or . percent to . on Saturday against last Saturday's . . MANILA Manila shares are expected to trade sideways with an upward bias next week on slow buying in selected blue chips and continued attention to small cap issues, traders said. Friday's news of Standard amp Poor's upgrading of the Philippines' foreign debt rating from BB to BB plus could perk up the market, said Helen Alvarez, research head of All Asia Securities. But Raul Ruiz, vice president at Sun Hung Kai Securities, said a political row over the ruling party's efforts to change the constitution to enable President Fidel Ramos to run for a second term could make foreign investors cautious. The main index closed down . points at , . on Friday, shedding . points to , . week on week. JAKARTA Indonesian shares are expected to be mixed with the index moving around the points level in the coming week, brokers said. Brokers said several secondaries and some medium sized counters were likely to be active on news and speculation of corporate action such as stock splits, bonus share issues and earnings. On Friday, the Jakarta composite index closed . points lower at . points, against last Friday's close of . points. SINGAPORE The Straits Times Industrial STI Index will trade in a range of , and , points in the coming week, with a trend towards the higher end of the range, traders said. Expectations of flat to weaker results announcements, notably by property and marine companies, would continue to weigh on some blue chips, they added. Continued retail and punting interest would underpin small and recently listed stocks, dealers said. The STI index ended . points or . percent lower at , . on Friday against , . on February . SYDNEY Australian shares were seen mixed in the near term with the focus remaining on individual corporate results as the reporting season continues apace. The All Ordinaries index closed at , . , barely changed from Thursday and down . percent over the week. While major moves on Wall Street would still dictate the early tone, individual company performance was seen as the key. The market will look at the fundamentals and see which stocks have had the earnings to justify price movements and those that haven't may succumb to a bit of profit taking, said Derek Bond, director at brokerage Burrell and Co. WELLINGTON Corporate earnings are again set to take centre stage on the New Zealand share market in the week ahead, while brokers keep a close watch on Telecom's sliding share price. It shed cents to NZ . on Friday on fears of a weaker earnings outlook. Next up on the reporting schedule are the Fletcher Challenge divisions, which should prove a mixed bag when they report on Wednesday. The NZSE Capital Index ended the week at , . , down . points. The index has lost . points . percent from , . a week ago. BOMBAY Shares at Indian bourses are expected to trade in volatile territory ahead of the budget to be presented on February , dealers said. It's a crucial week. Market focus will be on budget expectations, a local dealer said. The share index of the Bombay Stock Exchange fell . points, or . percent, to end at , . in the week ending Friday. 