Foreign investors seeking access to China could consider the road industry, which needs more than US billion in foreign money to complete four national highways by , SBC Warburg said. Low rates of investment are considered largely responsible for clogged highways in China, where , counties and , villages had no road access at the end of . Road building has not kept pace with the growth in civilian vehicles, which has risen a compound . percent each year between and roughly in line with the country's rapid economic expansion. By comparison, the total length of highways over the same period has increased only by an average . percent a year. The main reason behind this slow development in China's highway network is the insufficient investment in the sector, SBC Warburg said recently. Investment is a pressing problem with China's ambitious plan to build a network of national trunk routes totalling , km by the , with the first four highways to be completed by . Total construction cost is estimated at billion yuan billion over years, most of which will come from domestic funding, the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank. However, it is estimated that as much as billion will have to come from foreign investors, SBC Warburg said. Foreign investors first started entering China's road industry during the Eighth Five Year Plan, and the resulting investment helped to accelerate the expansion of highways . percent to . million km between and . Among the better known foreign invested higways are Hopewell Holding's Guangzhou Shenzhen Superhighway New World Infrastructure's Guangzhou Northern Ring Road, which opened in Road King Infrastructure, which signed its first toll road joint venture in December Cheung Kong Infrastructure and CITIC Pacific. Guangdong Investment and Guangzhou Investment are also active players. Most projects are toll roads, which SBC Warburg warned can be difficult to set up and operate in China. Central and provincial approvals are required and collection can be fraught with natural hazards such as traffic accidents and robberies. It does not seem to us, however, that such irregularities are damaging the investment merits of Chinese toll roads, if the investor can work closely with the local authorities on containing the leakage at some pre determined levels, the broker said. There are clear signs that China is actively encouraging foreign investment in this sector. Expressways, tunnels and bridges are open to percent foreign ownership and there is no limit in foreign participation in Chinese joint ventures on first and second class highways. Experiments with various types of funding sources and investment structures are being encouraged. And, as part of the central government's efforts to promote a more standardised build operate transfer structure for infrastructure projects, it is preparing to offer a bridge in Wuhan for international tender. We expect the market to be increasingly open to foreign participation, as additional funding sources help attract more investors and reduce financing costs, SBC Warburg concluded. Hong Kong Newsroom 