China's economy grew by . percent in the first nine months of , but many urban family incomes are lagging behind, the State Statistical Bureau said on Wednesday. Chinese industrial output was up, farmers were on their way to a year of record grain harvests and the scourge of inflation had been tamed to a year on year . percent in the first three quarters, bureau spokesman Ye Zhen said. The development of the macro economy overall appears good, Ye told a news conference. Gross domestic product was . trillion yuan . billion between January and September, up . percent from the same period of , Ye said, but gave no details. China's GDP grew by . percent in . The average income for urban Chinese rose to , yuan between January and September, an actual year on year increase of . percent, he said. But the incomes of many urban residents are lagging behind as China's economy booms, Ye said. A survey of major cities and towns had revealed that the incomes per family member of around percent of households had declined, he said. Some of the decline was the ordinary result of the birth of children or the retirement of ageing family members, he said. The second kind of situation is when the level of income falls or the level of income growth cannot keep up with inflation, Ye said, adding such problems were the cause of the income fall in about half the families surveyed. The difficulties of some low income urban families have been aggravated, he said. He gave no explanation of the decline in incomes suffered by some urban wage earners, but many surplus workers in China's huge and largely stagnant state sector have been sent home on minimum salaries. Although such workers are not considered unemployed and the state sector is highly reluctant to fire employees, China's urban unemployment rate hit . percent at the end of September, Ye said. The number of unemployed in Chinese cities reached . million, he said, but gave no comparative figures. China's urban jobless rate was . percent by end June, the same as the official figure for , but state newspapers have warned that unemployment, a major bugbear for Beijing's communist leadership, could shoot up to . percent by . Optimism over the economy and the success of a continuing policy of tight credit aimed at curbing inflation and reining in runaway growth has been boosted by predictions that will be a bumper year for China's hundreds of millions of farmers. Government policies had encouraged farmers to increase the area of land under grain, and grain output this year was forecast to exceed million tonnes, beating the record harvest by about million tonnes, Ye said. China had set a target of million tonnes for . Other figures released by the Statistical Bureau also painted a positive picture of an economy that Beijing says is on target for a soft landing after years of breakneck growth. Year on year retail price inflation in the first three quarters was curbed to . percent, down percentage points compared to the same period of , Ye said. The Xinhua news agency on Wednesday quoted economic tsar Zhu Rongji as forecasting inflation would be below . percent in and as saying it would be possible to cut it to six percent next year. Retail inflation hit . percent in . 