There are no signs of slackening demand for new telephone lines or services like caller ID at the regional Bells and GTE Corp, and earnings growth will remain robust in the third quarter. We are still seeing very strong demand for new services across the board, said Bette Massick of brokers Bear Stearns. While regional Bell earnings growth is still above historic trends, Merrill Lynch analyst Dan Reingold expects third quarter average annual growth of . percent to fall short of the . percent set in the buoyant second quarter. Analysts' buy ratings generally favor Ameritech Corp, with BellSouth Corp, SBC Communications Inc and non Bell company GTE close behind. Given continued strong growth in underlying operations, certain Bell stocks look attractive at the moment, said Guy Woodlief of Dean Witter Reynolds, whose favorites are Ameritech and GTE. Regional Bells have badly trailed the broad market this year after last year's bullish outperformance, hit by fears of stiffer competition in the new unified market place. The Federal Communications Commission has made it clear that the Telecom Act of means Bells will have to face substantive competition before they can enter long distance markets in their own local calling regions. GTE is an exception. It already has long distance services in states and has over , customers. I'm sure you will see the effect of GTE long distance operations as a minor cost pressure, said Massick. She said it would take several years for the service to break even. Regional Bells are operating under a more favorable regulatory regime than two years ago, allowing them to cut costs without sharing the savings with consumers. With prices instead of earnings regulated, unit growth and cost reductions are flowing to the bottom line, Reingold said in a recent research report. Company all in dollars Q est yr ago results date Ameritech.................. . ....... . ..Oct SBC Communications......... . ....... . ..Oct Bell Atlantic.............. . ....... . ..Oct BellSouth.................. . ....... . ..Oct GTE Corp................... . ....... . ..Oct Pacific Telesis............ . ....... . ..Oct NYNEX Corp................. . ....... . ..Oct US West Comms....... . ....... . ..Oct NOTE U S West Communications Group. Estimates from First Call. Reporting dates from analysts. Cellular and other wireless services continue to be a big money earners for the Bells, though increased price competition is expected during as Personal Communications Services PCS increase to five from two the number of wireless telephone providers in each metropolitan area. Even the advent of two mega mergers Bell Atlantic Corp and NYNEX Corp and SBC Communications and Pacific Telesis Group announced earlier this year has done little to enliven the sector. While the effect of competition is an unknown, cost cuts can be solidly charted. 