Sprint Corp showed a dynamic performance in all businesses in the third quarter of , and better than MCI Communications Corp or AT amp T Corp will manage in long distance telephone, analysts said. But uncertainty surrounding the success of expensive new ventures, and continuing dilution of earnings from funding them, are a big and enduring question mark for investors. There is a two sided story here The businesses are growing very well, but there is all this dilution from new ventures, said analyst Richard Klugman of PaineWebber. Sprint third quarter earnings per share were broadly in line with analysts' estimates at . , down from . a year ago, weighed down by the cost of new ventures, a percent increase in shares in issue and a two point tax rate rise. But top line growth was outstanding, analysts said. Call volume carried soared by percent from a year ago, while revenues increased . percent over the same period. Clearly this is going to be the strongest growth of the big three AT amp T, MCI, Sprint in long distance volume and revenues, said Better Massick of brokers Bear Stearns. However, the shares managed only a restrained rise of to by EDT GMT Tuesday. Two complex multi billion dollar ventures, Sprint PCS and Global One, caused respectively four and six cents per share of earnings dilution in the third quarter, and more is seen. Sprint PCS is a wireless Personal Communications Services PCS national network being built for tiny new mobile phones that have better battery life and building penetration than existing cellular services, and extra features like paging. Sprint owns percent of Sprint PCS, Tele Communications Inc owns percent, and Comcast Corp and Cox Communications Inc each own percent. The question mark over the company is PCS and its ability to execute the strategy, said Simon Flannery of J.P. Morgan. PCS services are already operating in one metropolitan area, Washington Baltimore, and Sprint expects to launch two more in November and to be in to by the year end. But as each new market opens, the amortization of the license cost Sprint paid a total of . billion for licenses plus marketing, network costs and subsidised handset costs also kick in. Analysts estimate that Sprint could suffer million to million dilution from those costs in . The more successful it is with PCS, the higher these costs will be. PCS will not breakeven for years, Klugman said. But Global One should breakeven sometime in the second half of , he added. Global One is an international venture designed both to act as a carrier of services for other telecommunications companies, and a one stop shop for multinational corporations. It is half owned by Sprint, and a quarter each by France Telecom and soon to be privatised Deutsche Telekom. The European companies also took a percent stake in Sprint for . billion in January, which accounts for the extra shares in issue. Sprint said that Global One is on course for annualised revenues of billion a year by the end of , but Flannery said it was harder to figure out the earnings position. The visibility of earnings at Global One is not very good yet, Flannery said. New York Newsroom 