AT amp T Corp said that the decision to wait months before newly appointed President John Walter takes over as chief executive from Robert Allen made sense while he learned about a different business. It was something that Bob Allen felt made sense and something that made sense to John Walter , Hal Burlingame AT amp T senior vice president for human resources, told Reuters. It had a lot of input from the board too , he said. AT amp T appointed Walter as its new president and chief operating officer from November , following AT amp T board approval last night. Walter is chairman and chief executive of printing firm R.R. Donnelley amp Sons Co. Walter will not take over as chief executive from Allen until January , months time, and will become chairman in May at AT amp T's annual shareholder meeting. In the meantime they will work together, while Walter gets to more fully understand AT amp T's business, Burlingame said. They will work together very tightly on all the issues confronting the business, but Bob will obviously be chairman and CEO during that process, he said. Analysts had expected a full handover to whoever was chosen to succeed Allen in six or months, and said the slower timetable was one reason for the stock price fall. AT amp T stock was down at at EDT GMT in heavy volume. Burlingame declined comment on what Walter would be paid, except to say that his package would have a very strong alignment with the interests of AT amp T shareholders. Details will be available with the next K filing. Mr Walter had a very fine plan with a lot of futures built into it at R.R. Donnelley. We hav recognised that in the program we put together, Burlingame said. AT amp T separately told a news conference that the main part of the pay would be performance related, and that the package, while competitive, was by no means a record breaker. Donnelley's last proxy filing showed Walter's compensation for as , plus a bonus of , and other annual compensation of , . Walter's predecessor as AT amp T chief operating officer and president, Alex Mandl, left in August to join a startup firm called Associated Communications for a package that included a mighty million salary. Burlingame said AT amp T started with a list of more than names from executive search firms, and narrowed those down to early in September, when candidates were first approached. A lengthy board meeting on September in West Virginia whittled down the number from to six. Extensive discussions took place with Walter in the last week before his appointment was confirmed. The stock market doesn't know him yet, but this a person who will be regarded very positively as people come to know him, Burlingame said. New York Newsroom 