Lucent Technologies Inc is beginning to reap the rewards of severing its umbilical to AT amp T Corp as regional Bells customers flock back. Lucent's final fiscal quarter showed a surge in Bell orders as ageing networks were upgraded for demanding data and multimedia services. Lucent network system sales jumped . percent year on year to . billion in the quarter. It is underpinned by some fundamental demand that could keep it going, Don Peterson, Lucent's chief financial officer, told Reuters in an interview. One of the motives for AT amp T's divestment of Lucent was a loss of orders. The Bells, seeing AT amp T as a big new rival in their local calling areas, shied away from sharing their technological shopping lists with an AT amp T unit. That was a reason for the down quarter last year, Peterson said. Lucent's changed year end to September from December means this year only had three quarters. The final quarter corresponds to the third quarter in past years. Overall revenues climbed . percent to . billion in the quarter from a year ago, though comparisons are likely to be less favorable next quarter. The next quarter will be good as well, I am expecting, but it will be comparing itself to a record fourth quarter in , he said. It would be a mistake to expect percent growth again, unfortunately. Increased orders have led to the hiring of , new factory workers even as Lucent implements a plan to cut jobs overall. Peterson said the company cut , of the , posts scheduled to be eliminated from Lucent's , workforce by . But with the new hires, net job cuts only amount to about , . The closing of the Phone Center stores, the pruning of product lines and a drop in rental revenues combined to hold back revenues. Still, a host of new products, including a long range cordless phone and sophisticated answering machines, are being prepared for . Next year, we're going to have percent of a sales in products that aren't on the shelf today, he said. Peterson predicted that new products would continue to galvanize the company's performance. Voice processing, a billion market that is growing at percent a year, would bring products for handling services such as phone banking and voice mail, as well as linking databases and phone systems for telemarketing. We'll see an increase in the data focus in our business, he said, noting soaring use of frame relay and the Internet. In business communications, Peterson expected the emergence of a voice server product in both public and private networks. Such a product would combine the roles of telephone exchange with a network server just as fiber optic cables now carry a mixture of data and voice, both digitized. New York Newsroom 