AT amp T Corp shares were savaged on Monday as growing worries about marketing and investment costs in the hyper competitive U.S. telecom market were reflected in earnings estimate cuts by two brokerages. AT amp T shares plunged or . percent to by late afternoon, after Salomon Bros. and CS First Boston issued their research. MCI Communications Corp fell to and Sprint Corp to in sympathy. It is in AT amp T's court, said analyst Barry Sine of SBC Warburg. The more they spend on marketing their new services for the long term, the lower 's results will be, he said. The market was particularly spooked by a sharp cut in his estimate of AT amp T's earnings per share by Salomon analyst Jack Grubman to . from . , and to . from . for . Grubman later said his estimates may still be too high. Most analysts thought this too bearish a view. Frank Governali of CS First Boston said he only cut his estimate of AT amp T's earnings to between . and . for . Salomon's number is for a dire outcome, he said. I would be shocked if AT amp T diluted its earnings down to . per share, said Richard Klugman of PaineWebber. First Call's analyst consensus for AT amp T earnings per share in is . and for . per share. For the fourth quarter it is . and the year . . AT amp T declined to comment on the estimate cuts, but a source close to the company said no guidance had come out of the investor relations department to drive them. We have not yet determined what will bring, but it is safe to say we do not agree with the more pessimistic comments, the source said, declining identification. Governali said that AT amp T had a choice to make Either to run the business for , in which case they could make . per share, or to position itself for the long term, in which case there is no way they can. Analysts say the whole industry faces the same dilemma. The Telecommunications Act of will release the regional Bells into the long distance market place this year, on top of a horde of tiny rivals that have been nibbling away at the customers of the big three. Though AT amp T, MCI and Sprint can enter the local phone market, they will have to stump up hundreds of millions of dollars to to advertise their services, push their brand names and build network facilities to key business customers. Grubman's research note said that he believed AT amp T was losing hundreds of millions on its popular Worldnet Internet access service too, because of high costs. Analysts say MCI and Sprint have already bitten the bullet by warning analysts of increased spending, but AT amp T had not done so. Sprint and MCI have already done it. MCI's merger with British Telecommunications Plc is a tacit admission of that fact that you need very deep pockets to succeed , Governali said. SBC Warburg's Sine said MCI told analysts it would spend an extra million to million this year on marketing, but the stock was not hit because it is underwritten by the value of the planned British Telecom merger, announced in November. New York Newsroom 