Long distance telephone companies and regional Bells will show consistent growth in core operations in 's fourth quarter, but investors remained wary about growing competition. Phone company stocks as a group fell sharply in even as the broad market soared, and investors are unlikely to get excited until they can clearly pick winners, analysts say. Until current regulatory and competitive uncertainties are resolved investors will remain reluctant, said Guy Woodlief, an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds. Whenever their appetite does return they will rediscover an industry growing strongly at an operating level, nourished by growing use of home computers and the Internet, software enhancements for phones, and falling costs of technology. However, in the case of long distance companies, the investment to enter the local telephone market and expand digital wireless networks are diluting the benefits of robust growth before they reach the bottom earnings line. Many analysts have already revised down earnings forecasts for AT amp T Corp, MCI Communications Corp Sprint Corp, the big three long distance companies. The long distance industry is expected to average revenue growth of eight percent. Call growth is faster at percent, reflecting a modest lowering of prices overall. Price weakness should accelerate as the regional Bells enter long distance in force, though not before . My belief is that this Bell entry is not happening anytime soon. This is going to take a lot of regulatory work, said Richard Klugman of brokers PaineWebber. The Bells are Ameritech Corp, Bell Atlantic Corp, BellSouth Corp, NYNEX Corp, Pacific Telesis Group, SBC Communications Inc, and U S West Inc. Most report earnings in the next two weeks. GTE Corp, because it is not a regional Bell, is already in long distance service. The , customers it forecast it grabbed in has added to the competitive pressure that AT amp T and others are feeling. The Bells and GTE together are expected to have boosted lines to customers by . percent in the fourth quarter from a year earlier, with usage of their networks up by . percent. Earnings per share are seen up around ten percent. The growth story is intact, Woodlief said. So called vertical services such as caller ID, voice dialing and call waiting are growing at percent a year and now produce billion a year of revenue for a typical Bell. Ameritech, which on Monday reported results in line with analysts estimates, has pushed vertical services and soft pedalled second line sales. Analysts say that a typical second line has a long payback period, either being used for the Internet, which does not even generate access charges, or for a fax machine. Vertical services are among the most profitable Bell services but this will mean some price pressure when competition begins to show up in the local calling market. Ultimately the prices of these vertical services will go way down, Klugman said. Analysts say wireless services continue to grow, with perhaps three million net customers added in the quarter across all providers, a bit below the . million of a year ago. The earnings contribution of wireless is small, but fast growing. Wireless is a high cash flow margin business, but heavy on capital so the actual earnings contribution is low so far, said Klugman. Company all in dollars Q yr ago results date SBC Communications......... . ....... . ..Jan Pacific Telesis............ . ....... . ..Jan NYNEX Corp................. . ....... . ..Jan Bell Atlantic.............. . ....... . ..Jan AT amp T Corp ................. . ....... . ..Jan BellSouth.................. . ....... . ..Jan GTE Corp................... . ....... . ..Jan MCI Communications Corp... . ....... . ..Jan US West Comms.............. . ....... . ..Feb Sprint Corp................ . ....... . ..Feb Worldcom................... . ....... . ..Feb Estimates from First Call. Reporting dates from analysts Ameritech.. actual ........ . ....... . ..Jan 