Britain's Britannic Assurance declared on Tuesday a million pound million special bonus for life insurance policies, following discussions with the government on ownership of surplus insurance funds. The payout will apply to all with profits policies in force on February , . Details will be given with the bonus due to be announced next month. The company said last year it discussing with the Department of Trade and Industry DTI ownership of long term assets, and a way to distribute the surplus to policyholders and shareholders. Britannic has now agreed with the DTI that million pounds of the excess assets within the long term fund can be attributable to shareholders. Britannic also said it intended to increase its dividend for the year by percent to pence per share following an increase in life profits. This would be the basis for continuing the company's progressive dividend policy. The news boosted Britannic shares, which jumped pence, or nearly nine percent, at one stage before settling for a rise of pence at . . The money attributable to shareholders forms part of total assets in the life funds which amounted to . billion pounds at the end of . Those assets were estimated to have risen by the end of , Britannic chief executive Brian Shaw said, and updated figures would be released on March . Britannic also announced a restructuring of its long term funds and the results of a strategic review of its business. The review will lead to new sales management and premium collection systems, streamlining of head office and investment in market analysis and product research. The initiatives are expected to cut operating costs by around million pounds, based on figures. Britannic said it planned to build on its brand, investment management and distribution skills, financial strength and product development abilities to strengthen its position and improve value to policy and shareholders. Restructuring the long term fund will create two continuing with profits funds, one for its industrial branch and the other for the ordinary branch life and pensions business. In future at least percent of the surplus in the with profits funds will be allocated each year to with profits policies. The balance will be shareholders' profit for transfer to the profit and loss account. The company has also created two separate non profit sub funds one for life, one for pensions which will contain non profits business and both of which will be owned by shareholders. The shareholder transfer for will be increased by million pounds following the declaration of the million pound special bonus. . British Pounds 