Commercial Union CU became the latest victim of sterling's recent strength on Wednesday, as the British insurance giant reported a sharp fall in profits for . A million pound . million currency loss by the company, three quarters of whose profits come from outside Britain, largely accounted for a near percent fall in operating profits for the year to million pounds. U.S. weather related losses of million pounds and severe competition in the general insurance market were a further drag on profits. But overall the results broadly matched market expectations with the life business, which accounts for around percent of premiums, showing healthy growth once currency effects were stripped out. CU said it intended to continue to expand its life operations to take advantage of its more consistent profit streams and its exciting growth prospects . Finance director Peter Foster said the group would not rule out acquisitions to stimulate further growth. Our strategy of more emphasis on life business has proved viable so far...we will be looking at any suitable acquisition that we may come across, Foster said. This might include overseas businesses but the company stressed it did not mean it would grow solely through acquisitions and that the focus remained on organic growth. According to CU the strength in sterling had masked significant profit rises in continental Europe. Over the year as a whole, the pound advanced percent against the dollar, percent against the French franc and around percent against the mark. After adjusting for the exchange rate, overall operating profits were down just three percent on and life profits percent higher at million. Despite the underlying operating performance worries about the impact of the currency on CU's net asset value NAV prompted a sharp markdown in the shares. The NAV was down to pence at year end from pence a year earlier, though analysts said there had been quite a strong recovery in net asset value in the last six weeks. By late afternoon, CU shares were pence lower at pence. In general insurance, good results in France, the Netherlands and Canada helped offset part of the effects of competition in the British market and U.S. weather claims. Despite this and even adjusting for the currency, general insurance profits were percent lower at million pounds. Echoing comments from Guradian Royal Exchange GRE which reported results yesterday, CU said it was seeing signs of a rise in motor market rates. Like GRE it expected to see motor rates firming through . Household rates were also likely to edge ahead, particularly given recent storms in Britain and a cold snap at the start of the year. . British Pounds 