Pensions and property group Liberty International Holdings said on Thursday it might go on the acquisition trail to develop its financial services interests. The company, percent owned by South African insurance giant Liberty Life, said it was always open to acquisitions and was willing to use its strong balance sheet to fund them. We've got various developments in the financial services area unit trusts, pensions and offshore. Those are the areas we want to be in long term and if they lead us into acquisitions that's fine but we don't feel any pressure to do them, said Liberty managing director David Fischel. Liberty currently has around million pounds . million in cash on its balance sheet though this may have little bearing on the size of any future acquisition. We could spend one billion, two billion or million pounds, it depends on the quality of the acquisition, said Fischel. Liberty, which has a percent stake in Britain's fourth largest quoted largest property company Capital Shopping Centres, which it floated as a separate company in , launched a new, low cost pension vehicle PensionStore in January. It also controls Portfolio Fund Management Limited, a British unit trust group with some million pounds under management. In October, the group announced an alliance with British Telecom and post office fund managers Hermes which it promised would demystify the British pension market. At the launch of the venture which offers specialised investment services to the UK pensions industry, Liberty chairman Donald Gordon said he believed pensions would be the fastest growing business in the world over the next years. The possibility of an acquistion was raised as Liberty reported a seven percent increase in pre tax profits for to . million pounds. The dividend at pence per share was up percent on the previous year. Liberty shares, however, slipped on the results ending the day pence lower at pence. The advance in profits was helped by the performance of CSC which owns two of Britain's largest out of town shopping centres Lakeside, Thurrock, east of London, and the MetroCentre, Gateshead, in north east England.. Strong underlying rental growth up percent at Lakeside in an improving retailing environment was the main factor behind the performance. CSC, which has five of the top ten shopping centres in Britain and attracts over million customers annually, was enjoying a very good growth phase and had a strong position in the market according to Fischel. The group could grow it further by expanding existing centres or building new ones such as the million pound shopping centre development at Braehead Park, Glasgow, he said. Shares in CSC climbed percent to pence in . Adjusting for the CSC share price, Liberty's net asset value per share would have amounted to around pence per share at year end. The shares finished the day pence lower at pence. . British Pounds 