Composite insurer Royal amp Sun Alliance Group Plc on Thursday reported lower results in its first year since it merged and said it would seek shareholder approval to buy in up to five percent of its shares. But large provisions for U.S. environmental claims and the impact of the pound's strength took the gloss off the figures reported by the group, formed in a six billion pound . billion merger last year. Including the increased provisions and million pounds for currency movements, operating profits fell to million pounds from million in for the combined group. After an initial gain on the buyback news, the shares closed down pence at pence. A lower than expected net asset value and a poor performance in the British motor insurance market compounded the market's disappointment. The million pounds in provisions, largely put aside for U.S. asbestos and environmental claims dating back to the s and s, follows a change in the way the group assesses possible liabilities. On Wednesday, B.A.T Industries subsidiary Eagle Star set aside million pounds in a similar move. Both companies have said that they expect it to mark the end to such provisioning. The dividend for the year was raised to pence per share in line with last year's management forecasts. The operating figures did not include million pounds relating to consolidation costs, some or million more than analysts had expected. But management declared themselves pleased with the results and said the group remained on target to achieve the annual cost savings of at least million pounds identified at the time of the merger. Chief executive Richard Gamble said the integration was progressing well, especially on the staffing front, and the group was continuing to hold on to business. But he played down the possibility of an acquisition to strengthen its life operations or exposure to Continental Europe, emphasising that the current focus was on integration. The group had decided to buy back shares in anticipation of continued strengthening of its capital position, said deputy chairman Roger Taylor, who hinted that it could be repeated in the future. The company will need shareholders' permission at the annual meeting in May before it can carry out the buyback. U.S. weather costs mirrored the experience of competitors who have all highlighted the impact on profits of some of the worst weather on record in North America last year. U.S. weather losses at million pounds were million higher for the year. Together with the reserving for environmental claims, this turned a million pound profit in into a million pound loss. Profits for the general insurance business as a whole after the changes in claims reserving were million pounds, down from million in . In Britain, a percent fall in profits reflected an increase in the frequency and average cost of personal lines claims motor claims frequency was up eight percent and costs seven percent and continuing competition. The figures also included an unexpected million pound increase in reserves split between reinsurance of the U.S. environmental costs and domestic insurance indemnity. On a brighter note, Royal amp Sun said it was confident motor rates had bottomed out and was scheduling increases for . Worldwide life profits increased by percent to million pounds and were up percent to million pounds in Britain. The company said it was appointing Patrick Gillam, chairman of Standard Chartered bank, as non executive chairman from May . . British Pounds 