Royal amp Sun Alliance Group plc , one of Britain's leading insurers, on Thursday unveiled its first set of annual results following last year's merger and said it would be seeking shareholders' permission to buy in up to five percent of its shares. But large provisions for U.S. environmental claims and the impact of the pounds's recent strength took the gloss off the figures, the first since Britain's Royal Insurance and Sun Alliance were put together in a six billion pound . billion merger last year. The million pounds in provisions, largely put aside for U.S. asbestos and environmental claims, follows a change in the way the group assesses possible liabilities. On Wednesday, B.A.T Industries subsidiary Eagle Star on Wednesday set aside million pounds in provisions. Both companies have said that they expect it to mark the end to such provisioning. Including the currency and environmental charges operating profits for the year were million pounds compared with million pounds in for the combined group. By late morning Royal amp Sun shares were trading eight pence lower at pence despite an earlier jump to the day's high of on initial reaction to the share buyback. The operating figure did not include million pounds related to the cost of consolidating operations, some or million pounds more than analysts had expected. But management declared themselves pleased with the results and said the group remained on target to achieve the annual cost savings of million pounds identified at the time of the merger. Royal amp Sun chief executive Richard Gamble said the integration was progressing well, especially on the staffing front, and the group was continuing to retain business. But he dismissed the possibility of an acquisition to strengthen its life business or exposure to Continental Europe. There's an awful lot going on in integrating the two companies and that is where our mind is focused. That's where we have to keep our concentration. The dividend for the year was raised to pence per share in line with management's forecast at the time the merger was announced last May. Net asset value per share was pence at year end and had increased to pence by March . This was a very good operating result in a difficult year which was affected by exceptional weather in the U.S. and continuing soft markets, said Royal amp Sun deputy chairman Roger Taylor. The group had decided to buy back shares in anticipation of continued strengthening of the group's capital position, added Taylor. The weather related costs mirrored the experience of competitors who have all highlighted the impact on profits of some of the worst weather on record in North America last year. Profits for the general insurance business after the changes in claims reserving were million pounds, down from million pounds in . Improvements in Canada and Scandinavia were offset by reduced profits elsewhere. U.S. weather losses at million pounds were million pounds higher than in . Together with the reserving for environmental claims this turned a million pound profit in the U.S. in into a million pound loss and more than offset an improvement in the core book of business, the company said. In Britain, a percent fall in profits reflected an increase in the frequency and average cost of personal lines claims, changes in claims reserving and continuing competition. Life profits increased by percent to million pounds with increases in both British and overseas operations. . British Pounds 