General Electric Co chief executive Jack Welch successfully defended his . million in salary, bonuses and incentives for , telling shareholders on Wednesday that market forces determined pay packages for top U.S. executives. The issue is the competitive marketplace, Welch told a critic at GE's annual meeting. The market is willing to play at a certain level .... Shareholders at the meeting defeated a proposal to limit Welch's pay to million unless put to a shareholder vote. The proposal to limit Welch's pay received nine percent of the votes cast, with percent backing Welch's existing compensation arrangements. Bill Patterson of the AFL CIO group of labor unions, a supporter of the Welch pay proposal made by a Teamsters union pension fund, said Welch's compensation was times more than that paid on average to GE's , employees. Patterson said the pay, even with Welch's highly acclaimed management successes and the stellar stock market performance of GE's shares since he became chief executive years ago, was a source of bitterness and cynicism for many GE workers. Welch said he was well paid and was benefitting from the labor of all GE's employees. He noted that stock options were now distributed to some , GE employees, as opposed to only as recently as . Big pay packages, including deferred compensation plans, were needed to retain top performers, Welch said. He said some top GE executives, such as the current head of AlliedSignal Inc had left the company for more pay and broader opportunities. Welch, the latest leading U.S. chief executive to be criticized for high compensation, last year received . million in salary, . million from a long term incentive program and . million by excercising options on GE stock. He was also paid almost , in benefits, such as life insurance, according to GE's proxy statement. Walt Disney Co shareholders, including several leading institutional investors, challenged at the company's annual meeting two months ago a year pay package given chairman Michael Eisner worth as much as million. Twelve percent of Disney shares were voted against the Eisner pay package. One study said CEO pay rose about percent in and percent in . Miami newsroom 