British power generator National Power Plc said on Wednesday that half year profits had slipped, hurt by exceptional charges over costs of an aborted takeover, and said the year's output could be percent down. Pretax profits for the half year before exceptional items of million pounds . million were million pounds, down from million pounds previously, compared with forecasts of between and million pounds. The company paid out a dividend of six pence per share, up from . pence, towards the lower end of forecasts, and said it would continue to deliver real dividend growth. Shares slid pence by GMT to pence, having touched a low of pence. The results were all pretty solid and as expected but there is some disappointment that the dividend was skimpy and the market was a bit caught out on the exceptionals, said one sector analyst who asked not to be named. National Power's percent increase in dividend compares with a percent hike made by its colleague PowerGen at interim results on November . The exceptional charges included an unrealised loss on its investment in and abortive acquisition costs of regional electricity company rec Southern Electric. The bid was blocked by the UK authorities in April along with PowerGen 's proposed takeover of Midlands Electricity. Taking a charge over Southern is a prudent thing to do and they may be able to sell at a profit later, the analyst said. National Power was understood to have written down the stake it holds in Southern at . pence per share, compared to trading levels of around pence on Wednesday. The situation could reverse itself very easily, look at PowerGen, the analyst said. PowerGen sold the percent stake it had built up in Midlands to the Rec's eventual owner Scottish Power and took an exceptional credit of million pounds. National Power said increasing competition in the UK market had affected first half results and that its market share slipped to percent from percent a year ago as total demand grew by three percent. The slide was largely anticipated after National Power was forced to sell , MegaWatts of generating capacity to comply with industry watchdog Offer requirements. The company said it was changing shape to emerge as a leading global power company, and pointed to an increasing input from overseas activities, which are expected to contribute post tax income of million pounds for the year. Overseas investments now total million pounds with interests in some , MW of capacity or , MW on a net basis. Overseas is coming along quite nicely, the analyst said. National Power said its repositioning means we are well placed both to compete strongly in the UK market, and to build on our material and increasingly profitable overseas business. The company said costs associated with paying out a one pound per share special dividend, announced with full year results in May, would total around million pounds and would fall in the second half of the year. Over time, National Power is going to become a different type of company with less earnings from the UK. This is the uncertain transition period, the sector analyst said. . Pound 