The bid battle for British regional electricity company Rec Northern Electric was on a knife edge on Friday as predator CE Electric won an extension to GMT for an announcement of the result. CE, which is percent owned by CalEnergy of the U.S., had slapped a deadline of GMT on Friday for acceptances of its pence a share bid which values Northern at million pounds . billion and the result was expected by GMT. But the authorities later agreed to allow the extension under British bidding rules as counting and matching of share acceptance forms continued. CE Electric already held nearly percent of Northern, bought on the open market, and had previously declared acceptances which brought its holding up to around percent. Northern has claimed it has the backing of its largest institutional investor, the Prudential, which holds around percent, as well as other funds including M amp G and Foreign amp Colonial. The bid is the second hostile takeover that Northern has faced it spent million pounds fending off Trafalgar House, now owned by Norway's Kvaerner, last year. That left it with depleted resources to fight this time, but it has promised a percent hike in its dividend and vowed its gearing will be down to percent by March compared with previous forecasts of percent. Northern has consistently claimed that the bid undervalued it and called for a higher price. It said pence per share was indicated in talks before CE Electric launched the offer on October , a claim which the Americans have denied, saying that the bid is fair value. Northern's share price closed in London up pence at pence in a generally firm market on Friday. Northern is the only Rec to have fought off a takeover after it spent million pounds to fend off Trafalgar House, now owned by Norway's Kvaerner, last year. If it falls to CE, it would be the tenth of the cash rich Recs set up at privatisation in to be taken over since they came up for grabs when the government's protective golden share expired in March . It would also be the fourth to be taken over by an American company with two further agreed bids from U.S. firms Dominion Resources and Entergy for East Midlands and London respectively currently underway. American companies are hotly tipped as the most likely buyers for the remaining Recs as they find the British regulatory environment more relaxed and see them as a useful English speaking springboard for expansion into Europe. Among potential bidders, analysts named Houston Industries, which failed in its attempt to secure control of Norweb with Central amp South West Corp in October . Florida Power amp Light and Pacific Gas amp Electric, which have both been rumoured previously to be interested in Recs, are again being eyed as possible buyers. The UK Trade and Industry Secretary Ian Lang has made it clear that he will consider bids on a case by case basis and only judge whether they should be referred to monopoly investigation on competition grounds. CE Electric's bid had been clouded by worries that Lang might block the move because of political concerns or to avoid reducing the number of benchmarks in the sector used by the industry regulator Offer. There had been worries that the ruling pro privatisation Conservative party, which lags the opposition Labour party in the polls and must call a general election by May, might not want further takeovers in the unpopular sector. Electricity companies have increasingly attracted harsh criticism from lobby groups and the media over hefty executive pay packets, huge shareholder payouts and spiralling takeover prices. Lang's decision to clear CE Electric's bid on December lifted a cloud from Northern's shares, which had been languishing around pence. It also indicated that other bids might not face any regulatory hurdles. In less than a week, Entergy of the U.S. clinched an agreed . billion pound deal to take over London Electricity, which provides power to the capital and its financial heart, the City. . Pound 