If British regional electricity company Rec Northern Electric succumbs to a hostile million pounds . billion bid from U.S. group CE Electric, it will be the tenth Rec of the privatised in to be taken over. Northern is the only Rec to have fought off a takeover, thwarting a bid from Trafalgar House, now part of Norway's Kvaerner, with a million pound defence last year. The bid from CE Electric, controlled by CalEnergy, has been vigorously opposed by Northern and closes at GMT on Friday. If the bid succeeds, it would take to six the number of Recs already in or due to move into U.S. hands. Only two independent Recs would remain if Northern fell Southern and Yorkshire, which is the only one never to have attracted a firm bid. Southern agreed to a takeover by generator National Power but this was blocked by the British government in April, along with fellow generator PowerGen's planned bid for Midlands. Two Recs Norweb and South Wales Electricity Swalec were swallowed by their local water and sewerage firms to form multi utilities while Manweb was taken over by generator Scottish Power, which later added Southern Water to its fold. Eastern Electricity was bought by conglomerate Hanson, which intends to spin it off as part of its energy group. Three Recs South Western, Seeboard and Midlands have already been bought by American firms and two more, London and East Midlands, have agreed to bids from U.S. companies. The following table details bids in the electricity sector so far Rec Bidder Value stg Status Eastern Hanson . bln Completed Manweb Scottish Power . bln Completed South Western Southern Co . bln Completed Norweb North West Water . bln Completed Seeboard Central and South . bln Completed West Corp Midlands PowerGen . bln Blocked Southern Elec National Power . bln Blocked SWALEC Welsh Water mln Completed Midlands Elec General Public . bln Completed Utilities CINergy Northern Elec CE Electric mln Contested but Cleared East Midlands Dominion . bln Agreed and Cleared London Elec Entergy . bln Agreed, awaiting clearance . Pound 