British utility Northern Electric Plc made a last ditch attempt Monday to remain independent by trying to overturn the extension of an offer by CE Electric that gives the U.S. company a majority of its shares. Britain's takeover panel was meeting Monday to consider an application by Northern and its advisers BZW to appeal the board's unusual decision to extend the bid. The panel extended the deadline on the million British pound . billion bid from Dec. until Dec. . The panel extended the fiercely fought bid on Friday in what newspaper reports said was a reaction to BZW's initial failure to disclose an extra , pound , fee related to its performance in the bid. Following the investigation, the executive will consider what, if any, further action is appropriate, the panel said in a brief statement. The panel noted it may also look into the acquisition by BZW and investment bank Schroders of . percent of Northern Electric's shares last week. As the initial deadline expired, CE had obtained control of only . percent of Northern. But after the deadline was extended until Christmas Eve, CE notched that total up to . percent, a majority that would have given it victory. But acceptances after the initial deadline require consent from the Takeover Panel. Northern is now fighting to appeal the extension to try to make the late acceptances null and void and to retain its independence. If the panel rejects the right to appeal, or the appeal fails, then Northern will be taken over. If the appeal committee says the panel was wrong to extend the bid, then Northern stays independent, said one analyst who declined to be identified. At Northern's request, dealing in its shares was temporarily suspended from Monday morning, standing at pence . , pending the conclusion of the appeal process. CE, which is percent owned by Omaha based CalEnergy, then complained to the panel last week about share purchases made by BZW and Schroders. The panel said there was nothing wrong with those share purchases but did rule out further buying by BZW and Schroders when it extended the deadline. A BZW official told Reuters that the fee from Northern was not in any way linked to BZW buying of Northern shares. Northern had fought hard to fend off CE Electric's pence . per share bid, which it claimed undervalued the company, promising a percent rise in its final dividend and lower than expected debt. CE Electric, which raised its original pence . offer on Dec. , maintained that it was offering a fair price and has already bought nearly percent of Northern on the market. It has said it will hang on to that stake even if its bid fails, which analysts said could depress Northern's shares. The bid is the second hostile takeover that Northern has faced it spent million pounds million fending off Trafalgar House, now owned by Norway's Kvaerner, last year. 