Two out of Japan's Big Four brokers, Nomura Securities and Daiwa Securities, are expected to regain their financial health in the current business year, analysts said on Friday. Japan's second biggest broker Daiwa Securities said on Friday that it was considering a restructuring programme for a non bank affiliate. While details have yet to be decided, analysts said it would not be surprising if Daiwa announces financial aid later in the business year ending in March. We expect Daiwa to post a parent current profit of billion yen million in if daily average turnover on the Tokyo exchange hits billion yen . billion and if it does not give any support, said Ayako Sato, an analyst at UBS Securities. Problem loans held by Daiwa's non bank affiliate are estimated to total billion yen million to billion yen . billion , and even if the broker decides to help its affiliate write off problem loans in , it would have no major impact on Daiwa's financial health, she said. The Big Four , including Nikko Securities and Yamaichi Securities, are scheduled to announce their business results on Tuesday for the first half of the fiscal year to September . Japanese business daily Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported on Friday that Daiwa was likely to post flat parent net profits in as it has basically decided to provide financial support of about billion yen million to a non bank affiliate. Daiwa was expected to post a parent current profit of billion yen million for and an extraordinary profit of about billion yen million from sales of shares, offsetting the special loss stemming from the financial support, the paper said. In the year ended March , , Daiwa posted a parent net profit of . billion yen million . The broker did not issue a profit forecast. Last month, Nomura said it would provide financial support to its ailing affiliate and post a special loss of billion yen . billion in the half year to September . Nomura said it would post a net loss for the first half because of the special loss, but declined to give an earnings forecast for the half year and the full year. However, analysts were unsure whether the other two, Nikko and Yamaichi, which face similar financial problems at their non bank affiliates, would take action in . A Nikko spokesman said on Friday that the company was considering measures to help its financial affiliates, but no decision had been made. Ryuji Shirai, deputy president at Yamaichi Securities, said earlier this month that the firm has been reviewing the year programme it launched three years ago to help restructure its non bank affiliate, and may shorten that period. UBS's Sato said that it may be difficult for Nikko to quickly decide any course of action for its non bank affiliates as one of Nikko group's non bank affiliates is jointly owned by Asahi Bank and its group companies. Yamaichi's relatively weak capital base compared with the three other big brokers may make it difficult to provide financial aid to its non bank affiliate in , analysts also said. Nikko projected a parent net profit of nine billion yen . million for the first half and billion yen million for the full year. Yamaichi expected a parent net profit for the half year of five billion yen . million and for the full year of billion yen million . yen 