First half results from Japan's biggest banks show they have moved back into the black despite hefty write offs of problem loans. Analysts said figures released by trust and credit banks on Monday showed that all of Japan's big banks had continued actively writing off problem loans resulting from the collapse of Japan's s asset bubble . The biggest commercial banks announced their interim earnings and loan write off statistics on Friday. Combined write offs by the biggest banks totalled about . trillion yen . billion in the first half of the current financial year to September . At the end of March, the Finance Ministry said the banks had about trillion yen billion worth of problem loans, which include loans made to bankrupt companies and those on which interest payments are in arrears by six months or more. Last fiscal year, the big banks disposed of nearly trillion yen . billion worth of problem loans. Katsuhito Sasajima, an analyst at Nikko Research Centre, said the banks may dispose of at least five trillion yen . billion worth of problem loans in the current fiscal year in order to cut the size of problem loans to manageable levels. Analysts said many big banks were now recovering from the difficulties caused by the problem loans, but some financially weak banks would continue to struggle to dispose of such loans in the coming years. Yoshinobu Yamada, an analyst at Merrill Lynch Japan, said that major banks should be able to cut their problem loans to manageable levels this financial year, but added that some banks are still reeling from the bad loan problem. Three long term credit banks Industrial Bank of Japan, Long Term Credit Bank of Japan and Nippon Credit Bank all recorded parent current profits for the first half after posting parent current losses in . Current profit is pre tax and includes gains or losses from sales of securities. The three said they disposed of . billion yen . billion of problem loans in the first half against a total of . trillion yen . billion last year. The smallest long term credit bank, Nippon Credit, said that it hoped to cut its problem loans to manageable levels by the end of at the earliest. As of the end of September, problem loans at Nippon Credit stood at about . trillion yen . billion or nearly percent of its total loans. Japan's seven major trust banks, all of which posted parent current losses in , said they posted combined parent current profits of . billion yen . billion in the first half after disposing of . trillion yen . billion of problem loans in the period. This compared with disposals of . trillion yen . billion last year. A trust bank executive said the banks' combined parent current profit for the first half was a record as Japanese authorities had eased special reserve requirements for trust banks in March to free up funds to dispose of problem loans. Analysts said the seven banks would use about one trillion yen . billion of the special reserves to write off problem loans in fiscal . Atsushi Takahashi, the managing director of Sumitomo Trust, told reporters that the bank aims to reduce its problem loans to manageable levels in the current financial year. We are planning to dispose of a total of billion yen . billion of problem loans in , he said. yen 