Half year results from Japan's biggest banks show they have moved back into the black despite hefty write offs of problem loans. Analysts said figures released by trust and credit banks Monday showed that all of Japan's big banks had continued actively writing off problem loans resulting from the collapse of Japan's s bubble economy of over priced real estate. The biggest commercial banks announced their interim earnings and loan write off statistics Friday. Combined write offs by the biggest banks totalled about . trillion yen . billion in the six months ended Sept. . Last fiscal year, the big banks disposed of nearly trillion yen . billion worth of problem loans. At the end of March, the Finance Ministry said the banks had about trillion yen billion worth of problem loans, which include loans made to bankrupt companies and those on which interest payments are in arrears by six months or more. Katsuhito Sasajima, an analyst at Nikko Research Centre, said the banks may dispose of at least five trillion yen . billion worth of problem loans in the current fiscal year in order to cut the size of problem loans to manageable levels. Analysts said many big banks were now recovering from the difficulties caused by the problem loans, but some financially weak banks would continue to struggle to dispose of such loans in the coming years. Yoshinobu Yamada, an analyst at Merrill Lynch Japan, said that major banks should be able to cut their problem loans to manageable levels this financial year, but added that some banks are still reeling from the bad loan problem. Three long term credit banks Industrial Bank of Japan, Long Term Credit Bank of Japan and Nippon Credit Bank all recorded parent current profits for the first half after posting losses in . Current profit is pre tax and includes gains or losses from sales of securities. The three said they disposed of . billion yen . billion of problem loans in the first half against a total of . trillion yen . billion last year. Japan's seven major trust banks, all of which posted parent current losses in , said they posted combined parent current profits of . billion yen . billion in the first half after disposing of . trillion yen . billion of problem loans in the period. This compared with disposals of . trillion yen . billion last year. 