The Czech merchandise trade deficit jumped . billion crowns in July, the largest monthly increase in the country's history, but forecast tourism revenue and the structure of imports tempered analysts' concerns. The Czech Statistical Bureau CSU said on Monday that the July increase put the seven month trade deficit at . billion crowns, after a billion crown shortfall in June drove the half year deficit to . billion crowns. This shows that the trade gap is still widening, this is the bad news, said Radek Maly, economist at Citibank Prague. But when you look at the actual composition of the deficit... a large part of this is stemming from the investment needs of Czech industry. Imports between January to July grew . percent over the same seven month period last year, while exports, hampered especially by lower demand in Germany, were up only . percent, the CSU said. Exports are lagging behind our expected growth rate, said Patria Finance economist Martin Kupka. But the services balance will help improve the account. Machinery and transport equipment accounted for . billion crowns of the total seven month deficit, while the balance for consumer goods actually showed an million crown surplus, despite a sharp increase in domestic demand. Comments by the Czech National Bank Governor Josef Tosovsky on Friday ruling out a devaluation of the crown to boost exports convinced analysts that the central bank was not overly concerned with the overall Czech balance of payments picture. There really isn't a strong convincing reason why the crown should be devalued at this point of development, Kupka said, adding that the country's capital account surplus still should comfortably cover the current account deficit. The services balance will be especially helped by the expected expansion of income from tourism, as strong first half revenues raised forecasts for total income from tourism in to . billion to . billion after . billion in . The overall balance of invisibles services including toursim for this year should be around . to . billion, which will decrease the current account deficit, Maly said. Economists are forecasting the current account deficit at between five to six percent of gross domestic product, compared with about four percent last year. The overall number of tourist visits in the country was up . percent in the first half, year on year, and airport arrivals were up . percent. Czech National Bank balance of payment figures for the first half of the year which will give clearer picture of the balance of services are expected to be released in the early weeks of September. The tourism component of the first quarter balance of payments showed a net income of million, on total tourism revenue of million. The overall current account however, posted a million deficit in the first quarter. Prague Newsroom, 