The Czech Statistical Bureau CSU on Friday cut its forecast for real gross domestic product GDP growth as lower export demand, especially from neighbouring Germany, fuels the trade deficit and eases Czech expansion. The CSU cut its full year GDP projection to . percent growth the same as the real result for from its . percent year on year prognosis made at the beginning of August. Czech GDP grew a real . percent in the first half of this year, according to the latest results. In its report on Friday, the CSU said it expected full year real GDP growth at between . to . percent. The CSU revised its forecast for the full year current account deficit to . percent of GDP from . percent as a ballooning merchandise trade deficit continues to bite. It said the current account deficit would grow to between . to . percent of GDP in . The bureau said the merchandise trade deficit would grow to . billion crowns by end from the roughly billion crown deficit posted for the first three quarters this year and compared with roughly billion crowns for the whole of . But the bureau said export growth should accelerate in to between . to . percent from . percent this year, while import growth would be between to . percent next year from . percent in . It forecast the merchandise trade deficit at to billion crowns. It is realistic to forecast, in view of the massive investment into the Czech economy in the past several years and expected growth of EU economies... that the development of the current account deficit at the turn of would switch toward the deficit's reduction, the CSU said. The bureau blamed mainly a stagnation in the first three quarters in the German economy which accounts for just over a third of Czech export demand and in the whole EU for the revised trade figures and the lower GDP forecast. I think it's realistic to suggest that the Czech trade situation won't be much different next year, said Charles Robertson an independent East Europe analyst. But the big question will be whether there will be some improvement toward the end of next year. If this carries on into and there are going to be big worries. He expected that, despite the poor trade results, the Czech crown should be able to stay within the central bank's band of plus minus . percent from the mid point of the mark dollar basket to which it is fixed each day. After the CSU announcement, the crown remained steady, trading in a tight range around the central bank's Friday fixing at . to the dollar and . to the mark, or . percent above parity with the basket. The CSU slightly eased its forecast for full year inflation to . percent from . percent in August, and said consumer prices would slow to between . percent to . percent for the whole of next year. It said unemployment would remain at one of the lowest levels in Europe, but said it would edge up slightly to between . to . percent by the end of from . percent at the end of this year. The slowdown of inflation to an average of . to . percent by the end of from . percent at the end of would be helped by a slowing in real wage growth to between . to . percent next year from . percent in , the CSU said. Prague Newsroom, 