Czech Unipetrol a.s. on Wednesday announced a long awaited plan to convert shares in Kaucuk a.s. and Chemopetrol a.s. into Unipetrol shares. In a joint statement the boards of Chemopetrol, Kaucuk and Unipetrol, the country's new petrochemical holding company, said they agreed to swap one Chemopetrol share for between . to . Unipetrol shares, and one Kaucuk share for between . to . Unipetrol shares. The plan, to complete the complex partial privatisation of the two largest Czech petrochemical concerns, was agreed at a meeting on Tuesday of the respective boards, but an exact ratio must still be approved by general shareholders meetings. Kaucuk and Chemopetrol shares have traded virtually level for months as investors hoped for possible arbitrage trades if either firm's shares got an advantage in the swap. Ahead of the news on Wednesday, Kaucuk shares were fixed crowns above Tuesday's close on the Prague Stock Exchange PSE at , , while Chemopetrol finished the PSE's Wednesday trading session crowns higher at , . The Unipetrol statement said the ratio range was determined by the current results of appraising the assets and liabilities of the involved companies. Equities analysts said that because the announced range of the conversion still allowed for overlap in the final decision and did not give a clear advantage to one company's shares, immediate arbitrage possibilities were slim. But they said that the fact that the boards were nearing a decision on a very complicated issue should give a mild boost to shares in Kaucuk and Chemopetrol. I don't see any arbitrage opportunity at this moment, said Patria Finance's Miroslav Nosal. But now that the exchange ratio is being announced, I believe it will help the shares in both companies. Tomas Michalek, at Raiffeisen Capital and Investment Prague, agreed that the movement toward a decision would be a plus to the shares. What is positive is that they agreed on a ratio range . It's important so that both companies can finally be folded into Unipetrol and more foreign capital can come in, Michalek said. Under a complicated privatisation of the Czech petrochemical industry, Kaucuk and Chemopetrol's refining operations were merged into a subsidiary of the newly created Unipetrol last year called Ceska Rafinerska a.s.. Unipetrol, in which the government currently holds a percent stake, has a percent stake in Ceska Rafinerska, The IOC consortium comprising U.S. Du Pont de Nemours unit Conoco, Royal Dutch Shell, and Italy's Agip SpA acquired a percent stake in Rafinerska under agreement with the government last year. The share swap would complete the transfer of the rest of Kaucuk and Chemopetrol as subsidiaries under Unipetrol, which acts as a holding company, and would dilute the state's percent stake in Unipetrol.' Prague Newsroom, 