The Czech crown firmed from the central bank fixing on Thursday, building on gains after a strong showing by the senior coalition party in Senate elections last weekend and prospects for the second round vote. Analysts said Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus's pro business Civic Democratic Party ODS was expected to take a majority of the seats in the newly created Senate after runoff elections this weekend, and that should keep the crown firm. The crown was trading in mid afternoon on Thursday at . to the dollar and . to the mark, or . percent above the Czech National Bank's dollar mark basket. Mostly the expectations are that the ODS will win a majority in the Senate, which I think is fairly likely, Citibank economist Radek Maly said. The ODS won three seats outright last Saturday and has candidates through to the runoff on Friday and Saturday in the constituencies remaining to be contested. The crown, despite a ballooning trade deficit, has remained well above parity with the basket and has continued to strengthen this week from last Friday's level of . percent. Maly said he saw the currency staying close to Thursday's levels and then getting a possible further bump up on Monday. I would personally see this level until the vote...Perhaps Monday, we will see a similar situation a quick strengthening, a quick speculative reaction, he said. Petr Korous, a dealer at Ceskovslovenska Obchodni Banka, said despite voter turnout of only percent in the first round of the elections, the market was still firming on the ODS showing. There will be some bias toward a stronger Czech crown, he said. More or less, the basic impulse for that is really because of the elections and then, the subsequent recovery of the capital markets. The Senate has limited political power, but the vote would at least confirm that ODS had not suffered a further loss of confidence after the coaltion saw its majority in the more powerful lower house evaporate in June general elections. This week, the Prague Stock Exchange has shown its first signs of life since the summer, while fixed income and crown deposit investors are getting more confident that Klaus's tight fiscal and monetary policies will not be threatened. Those who want to play the interest rate differential with foreign currencies feel quite comfortable right now, Korous said. Prague Newsroom, 