Volkswagen AG's Czech unit Skoda Automobilova a.s. launched its first up market post Communist model on Sunday, the Octavia sedan, with a street party in Prague's Old Town Square. The new model, built on a common VW platform designed for the Audi A and upgraded Golf, burst through a wall onto a stage in the centre of Prague's old marketplace where thousands of Czechs and foreign tourists had gathered. The Octavia will get its international test at the Paris International Auto Show in October and should be delivered to Czech dealers in November, followed by launches on European and other foreign markets, company officials said. Skoda is hoping to build on the success of its Felicia economy five door hatchback by offering an affordable middle range sedan and take back chunks of its home market lost to Czechs seeking a more western looking status symbol. The front grilled new Skoda is . metres long, . metres wide, and stands . metres high. Continuing the break from the boxy Communist era Skodas, the Octavia has more modern but conservative lines, somewhere between a Ford Mondeo and Audi's A line. As with the Felicia, Skoda's larger offering will try to find its niche at the low end of the price scale in its class. The Czech daily Mlada Fronta Dnes quoted Skoda's general director Ludvik Kalma as saying that suggestions of a , Czech crowns , price tag for the basic model of the Octavia on its home market with a . litre engine and two airbags would be too expensive . Skoda plans to produce some , Octavias before the end of this year, and between , and , in at its purpose built modern plant at Mlada Boleslav, north of Prague. After VW took percent of Skoda under the Czech government's privatisation plan, it introduced the Felicia in late which has sold well and put to rest jokes about the former communist brand's poor quality. Skoda plans to make a total of , cars including the Octavia this year after , Felicias in . The company lost . billion crown last year due to heavy investments into the new factory, but company officials have said the firm should come close to breaking even this year. 