Czech economic growth should slow in , before accelerating again as an ailing foreign trade balance improves, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD , said on Thursday. Czech inflation, it said, should ease a bit in and more decisively the following year. In its twice yearly report, the Paris based organisation of the world's most industrialised countries forecast gross domestic product GDP growth to slow to . percent next year from . percent in but then rise to . percent in . Growth is projected to become better balanced with investment expected to continue to grow at double digit rates and household consumption playing a smaller role in GDP growth, the report said. The current account deficit as a percentage of GDP would dip to . percent in from . percent this year, but then ease to . percent of GDP in , it said. Export growth should accelerate to . percent year on year in and . percent in from . percent this year, while import growth should slow to . percent in the next two years from . percent. The foreign trade balance is expected to improve since import growth will weaken while exports should recover from the recent slowdown in line with the projected economic recovery in the main export markets, the OECD said. The Czech National Bank however has warned that the country's current account deficit could grow to as much as seven percent of gross domestic product in . The OECD said annual inflation should slow to . percent in and . percent in from . percent this year. As consolidation continues in the economy, unemployment should rise to . percent next year and . percent in from about three percent this year, still one of the lowest rates in the industrialised world. It said higher labour productivity and projected wage moderation will have a favourable effect on price dynamics, but the inflation rate will still be higher than the OECD average by the end of the projection period. But the OECD, which the Czechs joined at the end of , warned of risks if real wage growth fails to moderate after growing faster than productivity over the last three years. The consumption boom could continue and, despite the announced fiscal prudence, the trade deficit could widen further, it said. CZECH REPUBLIC private consumption pct chg y y . . . . government consumption . . . gross fixed capital formation . . . . final domestic demand . . . . stockbuilding . . TOTAL domestic demand . . . . exports of goods and services . . . . imports of goods and services . . . . GDP at market prices . . . . GDP implicit price deflator . . . . Memorandum items Private consumption deflator . . . . Industrial production . . . . Unemployment rate . . . . Gen. gov't financial bal pct gdp . Current account balance . . . . Note. All results and estimates are by the OECD and are adjusted using prices as a base. Prague Newsroom, 