Investors smiled on the bourses of central and eastern Europe as brightly as the summer sun this week, though there were some indications these may by little more than fair weather friends to the markets. Exchanges in Prague, Warsaw, Budapest, Bratislava and Bucharest all gained ground, while Zagreb and Sofia traded mixed. Ljubljana was the one gray cloud, posting slight losses. The Central European Share Index CESI which reflects the price movements of selected Czech, Polish and Hungarian shares, firmed . points. PRAGUE Czech share prices were mostly steady on the Prague Stock Exchange throughout the week, with little movement expected soon as the holiday season slowly winds up. The PX index edged up . points from Monday to close at . on Thursday. Leading trading were SPT Telecom and Komercni Banka, though SPT's movements were largely characterised as accounting procedures that saw the issue gain as much as crowns one session, only to lose the same amount the following day. The final price of SPT was not the real market price, but because average prices are not used for the close, it gives an artificial final number, said Jan Sykora of Wood and Company. SPT closed on Thursday at , crowns. Dealers have long complained that some market participants consistently manipulate prices on the bourse, a fact that to cloud foreign investor perceptions of the Czech market. WARSAW Polish shares on Thursday rose for the sixth consecutive session but analysts said stronger selling after price fixing showed the market was losing steam and made it unclear if the growth trend would continue. It seems we now have a tug of war between buyers and sellers, said Krzysztof Rogalski, an analyst at Bank Staropolski SA brokerage. But some analysts said a real growth trend had already begun, sparked by firms releasing better July earnings at the start of the week. The WIG index closed at , . points, up . points or . percent from last Friday's close. Analysts said recent systematic gains in higher turnovers by several large cap stocks was a good sign that could help return the market toward this year's July , , . point high next week. BUDAPEST Prices rose at both of this week's sessions as market participants returned after holidays on Monday and Tuesday. The rest of the market strengthened as investors were cheered because the U.S. Federal Reserve had left interest rates steady. It's certainly due to the fact the U.S. investors put money into the east European emerging markets, Peter Haas of Postabank Securities said. Optimism seems to have spread over investors after the danger of a rate hike was eliminated. The BUX index closed on Thursday at , . , up . points over last Friday. BRATISLAVA The Bratislava Stock Exchange BSE saw a week of listless holiday trading, with the ongoing struggle for strategic control over the country's largest investment fund, VUB Kupon, dominating floor trading. The share SAX index posted several year highs over the week, peaking at . points on Tuesday, and closing at . points on Thursday, slightly firmer from Monday's open. This week was a transparent example, showing how the index is often far off from real trends on the market, Dusan Sykora of ING Barings said. The SAX has been reaching top levels, while only a few trades were concluded on the bourse on low volumes, he added. SOFIA No corporate issues traded for a third week in a row on the Bulgarian stock market as investors turnede their attention to treasuries and foreign currency. Only the Sofia Stock Exchange SSE operated this week after the Bulgarian Stock Exchange BSE went into a summer recess on August . The BSE will resume trading on September . The share Reuter All Bulgaria Stock Exchange Index RABSI closed at . points, unchanged from last Thursday. BUCHAREST Romanian share prices posted gains this week on the back of healthy half year earnings reports by several firms but trading, dominated by retail investors, was modest in volume. Overall turnover fell by almost million lei to . million on Thursday. The unofficial VAB Index a value weighted index of all stocks computed by Vanguard SA securities closed at points, . points or . percent up on the week. Its base was , points when it was created last November. ZAGREB Croatian stocks were mixed though the summer lull seemed to be nearing an end as big buyers became more active, boosting prices and prompting broker predictions of a steady rise in the weeks to come. Most active was Zagrebacka Banka which gained kuna since last Tuesday, but other companies including foodprocessor Podravka also registered an increase of prices. LJUBLJANA In Ljubljana, share prices, eased . percent as the SBI index fell . points to . . Financial consultancy Finmedia was the leading decliner, falling . percent, while the biggest gainer were prefered shares of bank Dolenjska banka, firming . percent. CLOSE WEEK'S CHANGE HIGH LOW AUG NET PCT CESI , . . . , . . PRAGUE . . . . . WARSAW , . . . , . , . BUDAPEST , . . . , . , . BRATISLAVA . . . . . SOFIA . . . . . LJUBLJANA . . . , . . All time high CESI , . July SBI , . June WIG , . March BUX , . July PX , . April RABSI . April SAX . Feb . 