East European bourses were mostly higher this week with the Warsaw Stock Exchange leading the way, hitting a month high before easing slightly on profit taking. Budapest, Zagreb, Bratislava, Ljubljana and Sofia also posted gains, while markets in Prague and Bucharest lost ground in listless trading. The Central European Share Index CESI , which measures the performance of Prague, Budapest and Warsaw blue chip stocks, dipped . percent to , . points. WARSAW Polish shares on Friday extended Thursday's falls due to profit taking, after a four session, . percent rise on the back of gains on western bourses. Analysts said the market could slip below , points before picking up toward the middle of next week as firms release their September earnings reports. It looks like we'll have falls for a few sessions, with the first support line at , points possibly broken, said Grzegorz Pindur, an analyst at Bank Staropolski brokerage. The main market's all share WIG index closed at , . points, up . points or . percent from Friday's close. PRAGUE The Prague Stock Exchange continued to limp through October, yet to record an advancing session, with little hope in sight for a turnaround as investors shun a market plagued by a lack of transparency. The PX index closed at . on Friday, down . points, or . percent. I think the budget first reading passing is too weak a signal but it is definitely positive. There are still structural problems to be solved before investors get more confident in this market, said Karel Ruzicka of ING Barings. Foreign investors have long complained that Czech capital markets are plagued by weak securities legislation that allows for secretive transactions. An estimated percent of all market activity takes place off market. BUDAPEST The Budapest Stock Exchange closed the week at an all time high, boosted by the release of some positive macroeconomic figures. On Friday the BUX index closed at , . points, up . from last Friday's close. Price rises were not very significant but they may mark the beginning of a modestly bullish trend, said Robert Agoston of Daewoo Securities. These macroeconomic data triggered price increases. Hungary released wide range of macroeconomic data this week, including the central bank's preliminary current account, trade gap, reserve and inflation data, in addition. BRATISLAVA The Bratislava Stock Exchange BSE also suffered through another week of sluggish trading, though a jump on Friday appeared to bear out broker predictions of signs that activity was gradually reviving. The share SAX index fell through the level at mid week, but then rebounded slightly to close at . points on Friday, up from Monday's open at . points. We have witnessed some fresh players on our market over the past few days, and the good thing is that the ratio between foreign and domestic investor seems to be well balanced, said Libor Briska of Creditanstalt. BUCHAREST Thin interest from retail investors, who dominate the bourse, drove most share prices down this week. Two independent indices fell to year lows at both weekly sessions as investors awaited fresh listings to the currently traded stocks. Last week, the bourse said companies had applied for listing but did not say when they would join trading. The VAB index fell . percent to . points on Thursday and the BIG index dipped . percent to . points. SOFIA Two corporate issues traded higher on the Bulgarian stock market this week amid low investor interest. The share Reuter All Bulgaria Stock Index RABSI closed at . points, up . from last Thursday due to the rise of RIF' third issue and TBS Hotels second issue. TIRANA Tirana's Stock Exchange this week recorded a million leks transaction in day treasury bills on Monday but no bonds changed hands on Thursday. The Savings Bank sold million leks worth of day T Bills to the National Commercial Bank on Monday, the first of Tirana's Stock Exchange TSE two weekly sessions. The finance ministry on Thursday offered million leks worth of day t bills, million leks of day t bills and one billion leks in day t bills. ZAGREB Croatian stocks forged ahead throughout the week, ending mixed on Friday as selected hoteliers closed slightly lower after recording new highs during the week. Traders said growing supply will stabilise prices next week. LJUBLJANA Slovenian shares jumped . percent this week, pushing the index up . points to , . as investors snapped up shares of newly privatised companies. Traders said the market was likely to continue its recent bull run. OCT WEEK'S CHANGE HIGH LOW CLOSE pts pct CESI , . . . , . . WARSAW , . . . , . , . PRAGUE . . . . . BUDAPEST , . . . , . , . BULGARIA . . . . . BRATISLAVA . . . . . LJUBLJANA , . . . , . . All time highs WIG , . March BUX , . Oct RABSI . April PX , . April SAX . Feb SBI , . June , CESI , . Oct . 