Czech telephone operator SPT Telecom a.s. on Thursday said its nine month gross profit hit . billion crowns, in line with analysts predictions and likely to have little effect on the firm's share price. SPT said in a statement that revenues for the first three quarters totalled . billion crowns, nearly equal to the . billion crowns in total revenues for . SPT's full year gross profit was . billion crowns. All figures are calculated according to International Accounting Standards IAS . SPT shares closed down six crowns at , on the Prague Stock Exchange on Thursday, though dealers said the results came out after trading ended for the day. The figures were basically in line with our estimates. Margins are pretty much the same as they were in the first half so I think the company is in a good position for future growth, said Alex Marcek an analyst at Patria Finance. The statement added the number of lines installed accelerated in the third quarter, putting the year to date figure at , lines and the overall installed base at . million lines. The company is confident that it will achieve its target of over , new set lines, the statement said. SPT, of which a Dutch Swiss consortium comprised of PTT Netherlands and Swiss Telecom bought a percent stake last summer, is aiming to increase the network by another , lines in , and , in . The statement said that investment expenditures for the first nine months totalled more than billion crowns, more than the full year capital expenditure. If they hit the target of , new lines it would be a pretty good base as far as revenues are concerned, said one local telecom analyst. Analysts said that the figures would probably not have an immediate effect on SPT's share price, since the entire Czech capital market is in a downturn as investors avoid a market they characterise as plagued with a lack of transparency. Company officials have been adamant that SPT would not pay a dividend before , as profits would still have to be ploughed back into the network's modernisation. Prague Newsroom, 