Markets across Eastern Europe remained mired in an autumn slump this week, with analysts seeing little on the horizon to break the bearish trend. Stock exchanges in Bratislava, Bucharest, and Zagreb all lost ground on the week, while Prague and Warsaw held steady. Budapest and Ljubljana bucked the trend, rising slightly, although it appeared neither would see a sustained upturn in the near future. PRAGUE Not even a strong showing by the centre right governing coalition in Senate elections at the weekend could break the Prague Stock Exchange out of its current malaise, as the PX index inched up . points on the week to close at . . Analysts said that while the coalition of Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus may feel heartened by the showing which gave him a majority to the Czech upper house, which will have little power, investors remain put off by poor market regulation. I'm a little sceptical about the possibility that the Senate will help bring changes to the market, said Pavel Sobisek of Zivnostenska Banka. I think there will be a lot of pressure from market participants on the government to do something...but I have not seen any signs of a change in attitude of the coalition with respect to this topic. Investors have long complained that market regulation and legislation in the Czech Republic is weak, providing little protection for minority shareholders. WARSAW The Warsaw Stock Exchange stayed virtually flat this week and analysts said it could extend its three and a half week horizontal trend next week as no fresh signals were in sight. We are still in a horizontal trend and...I see no factors which could help create a clear direction for the market, said Mateusz Andrzejewski, an analyst at Pekao SA brokerage. But other analysts saw the generally positive economic climate as an impulse strong enough to help the bourse climb next week above , points. Analysts said the central bank deputy head's Tuesday comment on a possible rise in interest rates next year was bringing some uncertainty to the bourse but was unlikely to signficantly hurt prices. BUDAPEST Hungarian shares started off the weekend strongly, boosted by a government decision to hike energy prices, but they ran out of steam by the middle of the week. Oil and gas company MOL led the charge, but dealers said its weakening on Thursday could be a harbinger. MOL turned around today on Thursday , that is a warning sign, said New York Broker's Kalman Schuszter. Sellers are stronger now. The BUX index closed on Friday at , . , up . percent from Monday's open. BRATISLAVA Slovak share prices continued their freefall on the Bratislava Stock Exchange which has lost about percent since the end of August. The share SAX index fell . points on the week to close at . on Friday. Dealers said the silver lining to the bourse's woes may be that prices are becoming so cheap that foreign investors will soon be lured back. BUCHAREST Scant demand kept volumes modest at both weekly sessions in Bucharest, with turnover low and most prices edging down or staying flat. The unofficial VAB index inched down from the previous session by . percent to . points, while the BIG index eased . percent to . . Fertiliser maker Azomures SA dominated trading, while newcomer, an oilfield equipment maker, put on a poor show. ZAGREB Croatian stocks were mostly lower in dwindling trade and analysts said they could see no end to the bearish period as big buyers continue to shy away from the market because of political developments. Croatia has been shaken by a wave of strikes, and last week Zagreb saw its biggest protest in years. LJUBLJANA Political concerns were also apparent in Ljubljana this week, with investors waiting for a new prime minister to be named, probably in the second half of December. The market will be uneasy until it is clear who will form the new government, one trader said. Still, the SBI index rallied on Friday to close at , . , up . percent on the week. Although the Liberal Democrats of current Prime Minister Janez Drnovsek were the strongest single party in the general election, winning out of parliamentary seats, they are facing a loose alliance of rightist Spring parties, who got seats. CLOSE WEEK'S CHANGE HIGH LOW NOV NET PCT CESI , . . . , . . BUDAPEST , . . . , . , . PRAGUE . . . . . WARSAW , . . . , . , . BRATISLAVA . . . . . VAB Index . . . . . BIG Index . . . . . LJUBLJANA , . . . , . . All time highs CESI , . Sept WIG , . March , SBI , . June PX , . April BUX , . Oct SAX . Feb . , lei 