East European markets moved higher across the board this week, as key foreign investors continued to push prices higher. Bourses in Warsaw and Budapest led the way, both hitting year highs, while exchanges in Romania, and Ljubljana also made strong moves higher. Shares in Bratislava and Prague edged up slightly, but both are seen drifting with little upward momentum. WARSAW The Warsaw Stock Exchange set three consecutive month highs in heavy turnover this week, with post fixing buying on Thursday seen pushing them to another high on Friday. But analysts said a profit taking correction was likely next week. After today's session I believe there might be more growth tomorrow, but I think next week investors will start taking profits after such a surge, said Maciej Matusiak, an analyst at PKO BP brokerage. The bourse has risen percent since December . Analysts expected , points to privide strong support for the WIG index next week. Some said the profit taking correction was likely to be brief and the market could return to its uptrend later on, possibly on growing foreign interest in Polish stocks, which were luring new investors. BUDAPEST The Budapest bourse continued its bull run this week, setting successive record highs in the first three sessions, though profit taking on Thursday trimmed earlier gains. The fact that the market is coming a little lower is to be regarded as a normal reaction to serious price rises, one trader said. On Thursday the BUX index which has risen some percent this year closed at , . points, up . points on the week. The trader said some foreign investors may reduce their presence on the Hungarian market but there were no signs of them leaving it completely. Key foreign investors are reducing their exposure on the market but they aren't turning away from it, he said. PRAGUE The Prague Stock Exchange edged up this week in moderate trading, but analysts said that while investors have been heartened by recent talk of strengthening market oversight, it may take several months before strong flows of money return. The PX index closed on Thursday at . , up . points, or . percent, on the week. We're still seeing a lot of interest in funds, but some of the other major shares are flat, said Alex Angell of Wood and Company. Several funds have attracted heavy investor interest after declaring they would transform their closed ended unit trusts into open ended funds, bringing about the possibility that the shares would rise much closer to their net asset value. The finance ministry is still creating guidelines for the funds to open, but at least one fund manager, Harvard, has said it plans to begin buying units from current holders in anticipation that it would receive approval to transform. BRATISLAVA The Bratislava Stock Exchange BSE edged higher on a week of quiet, and brokers said the market was stabilising after an slow start to the year. They cautioned, however, the growth was still fragile due to generally weak investor interest. We see there is constant demand for only a few issues, which could stop virtually anytime, Peter Lachkovic of Slovenska Sporitelna said. The share SAX index rose mainly on gains to oil refiner Slovnaft, closing . points on Thursday, up . from Monday's open at . . BUCHAREST The bulk of Bucharest prices jogged higher this week as bullish sentiment which has gripped the market since the start of the year pushed prices higher for the sixth consecutive session on Thursday sending the two indices to year highs. Analysts said the bull run has been fuelled by higher inflation and a depreciating leu. LJUBLJANA Slovenian shares jumped seven percent this week, pushed up by foreign buying. The ten share SBI index jumped . points to , . . Trader Kovinotehna was the top gainer, rising . percent, while ordinary shares of Hipotekarna banka Brezice were the leading decliners, falling . percent. CLOSE WEEK'S CHANGE HIGH LOW JAN NET PCT CESI , . . . , . . WARSAW , . . . , . , . BUDAPEST , . . , . , . PRAGUE . . . . . BRATISLAVA . . . . . BUCHAREST VAB Index . . . . . BIG Index . . . . . LJUBLJANA , . . . , . . All time high CESI , . Jan BUX , . Jan WIG , . March PX , . April SBI , . June SAX . February . 