New pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles helped Ford Motor Co.'s third quarter profits nearly double to million, the company said Wednesday, but it alarmed analysts with growing losses in Europe. Ford eeked out a million profit from its worldwide automotive operations versus a loss of million a year ago as U.S. automotive net income of million was offset by a loss of million from non U.S. regions. Ford's third quarter profits, which amounted to cents a share, compared with million, or cents a share, in the year ago period. The latest results were in line with Wall Street expectations. Results from Ford finished a strong third quarter for Detroit's Big Three. The companies posted combined net profits of . billion, more than twice the . billion they reported a year ago. Although there were some favourable one time events, the Big Three have digested heavy launch costs and reaped the benefits of a percent volume increase, said David Healy, an analyst at Burnham Securities Inc. In the third quarter, Ford's European loss widened substantially to million from a million loss a year ago, surprising many analysts. The size of the loss was enormous, Healy said. Ford blamed new product launches, adverse vehicle mixes and continued high marketing costs. Vice President David McCammon said the automaker is taking steps to cut costs by reviewing product, material, personnel and plant expenses. In a sign of how seriously it is taking the situation, Ford Chairman Alex Trotman was on his way to visit operations in Europe, and Chief Financial Officer John Devine was scheduled to leave for Europe Wednesday. We were unhappy with our European results, McCammon told reporters, adding that he hopes the situation can be turned around by next year. Although McCammon said the fourth quarter results will be up from the million Ford earned in the quarter, analysts indicated they would be trimming their estimates because of a million to million fourth quarter charge to cover early retirement costs for about , salaried employees. Devine told analysts that South America will post a loss similar to the million deficit of the third quarter because of continuing start up problems in Brazil. Brazil is likely to be just as bad in the fourth quarter, said Nicholas Lobacarro, an analyst at Bear Stearns. Helping Ford's bottom line was another strong performance from its Financial Services Group. The unit earned million, including a gain of million from the sale of USL Capital assets, compared with a profit of million in the third quarter. The Associates, Ford's consumer finance unit, reported third quarter earnings of million, a record for any quarter. However, Ford Credit's earnings slipped to million from million a year ago, reflecting higher credit losses. The company's earnings were negatively affected by a million charge to cover the costs of early retirements for U.S. salaried employees. In the U.S. market, the latest results were spurred by strong acceptance of new light truck products such as the F Series pickup truck and new Expedition full size sport utility vehicle, Trotman said in a statement accompanying the results. Third quarter revenues climbed to billion from . billion. Worldwide vehicle unit sales in the quarter were also up, increasing to , , from , , . But the automaker lost market share in both the United States and western Europe. Ford ended the quarter with . percent of the U.S. car and truck market, down from . percent in both the second quarter of and the third quarter of . Ford lost a full point of market share in western Europe, falling to . percent from . percent in the year ago quarter. Ford's share in the second quarter was . percent. Trotman said Ford expects U.S. total vehicle sales to be . million for , about in line with its earlier forecasts. The industry had . million sales in . In Western Europe, Ford forecasts industry sales at . million for , up from . million in . Ford expects moderate economic growth to continue in its major worldwide markets, providing for stable industry sales volumes. Ford's stock lost cents to end at . on the New York Stock Exchange. 