New pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles helped Ford Motor Co.'s third quarter profits nearly double to million, the company said Wednesday, but it alarmed analysts with growing losses in Europe. Ford eeked out a million profit from its worldwide automotive operations versus a loss of million a year ago as U.S. automotove net income of million was offset by a loss of million from non U.S. regions. Ford's third quarter profits, which amounted to cents a share on a fully diluted basis, compared with million, or cents a share, in the year ago period. The latest results were in line with Wall Street expectations. Boosting the numbers was another strong performance from Ford's Financial Services Group. The unit earned million, including a gain of million from the sale of USL Capital assets, compared with a profit of million in the third quarter. But Ford Credit's earnings slipped to million from million a year ago, reflecting higher credit losses. I think there's some real red flags there with overseas operations and Ford Credit, said Bear Stearns analyst Nicholas Lobocarro. The company's earnings were negatively affected by a million charge to cover the costs of early retirements for U.S. salaried employees. Ford expects to report further charges of million to million in the fourth quarter for more early retirements. Despite the charges, Ford Chairman Alex Trotman said the company expects its automotive results to be stronger in the fourth quarter from a year ago, with higher sales volumes and improving margins. In the U.S. market, the latest results were spurred by strong acceptance of new light truck products such as the F Series pickup truck and new Expedition full size sport utility vehicle, Trotman said. Outside the U.S., results continue to reflect challenges in several key regions, particularly Europe and South America, Trotman said in a statement, adding, There's still much to do. Ford lost million from its South American operations in the third quarter, mostly from Brazil, up from a loss of million in the year ago period. Ford had said in September that second half losses in South America would be larger than the first half because of a lower market share and a costly launch process for its new Fiesta. In Europe, the company's loss grew to million from million. Ford blamed new product launches, adverse vehicle mixes and continued high marketing costs. However, Ford said its European high volume vehicle launches were largely completed and that it would focus on cost reductions. It added that new products, such as the recently launched Ka small car that will go on sale next month, will strengthen its European line up. Third quarter revenues climbed to billion from . billion. Worldwide vehicle unit sales in the third quarter were also up, increasing to , , from , , . But the automaker lost market share in both the U.S. and western Europe. Ford ended the quarter with . percent of the U.S. car and truck market. It had . percent in both the second quarter of and the third quarter of . Ford lost a full point of share in western Europe, falling to . percent from . percent in the year ago quarter. Ford's share in the second quarter was . percent. The Associates, Ford's consumer finance unit, reported third quarter earnings of million, a record for any quarter. Trotman said Ford expects U.S. total vehicle sales to be . million for , about in line with its earlier forecasts. The industry had . million sales in . In Western Europe, Ford forecasts industry sales at . million for , up from . million in . Ford expects moderate economic growth to continue in its major worldwide markets, providing for stable industry sales volumes. 