General Motors Corp.'s sales slipped nearly percent in October, dragged down by steep declines in car sales, while Chrysler Corp. posted another double digit jump for the month, the automakers said Friday. GM's total vehicles were , in October, off . percent on a daily sales basis from , in the year ago month. October had selling days vs. a year ago. Passenger car sales at GM were , , a drop of percent. All of GM's car divisions reported declines, including Chevrolet, where sales were , , down percent. Offsetting the slumping car numbers were total light truck sales of , , which climbed percent on a daily basis from last year. Three Chevrolet sport utility vehicles the Suburban, Tahoe and Blazer each had their best ever sales month in October, with percentage increases ranging from percent for the Blazer to percent for the Suburban. Production of the Tahoe and its GMC sister, the Yukon, has been halted at GM's Janesville, Wis., assembly plant since Oct. , when , United Auto Workers members walked off the job in a contract dispute. It is the only plant that makes the sport utilities, GM's most profitable vehicles. As it has for the previous two months, GM blamed the passenger car drop on customers waiting for the introduction of GM's new vehicle lines that will be hitting the market through the next year. I think there's a great deal of anticipation for the newer models that will be coming out, said GM spokesman Dean Rotondo. The day strike by Canadian autoworkers in October had a minimal effect on the month's sales, Rotondo said. Sales of Chevrolet Cavalier were up . percent, and were down . percent for the Pontiac Sunfire, which Rotondo said could be related to the strike. Meanwhile, Chrysler's total sales rose . percent to , . Sales of passenger cars were , , an increase of almost percent. Sales of minivans, sport utilities and pickup trucks shot up . percent to , . Chrysler said the October total broke a record of , for the month set in . James Holden, Chrysler executive vice president of sales and marketing, said about percent of the October sales came from model vehicles, which consumers bought with a minimal amount of incentives. I believe that we've got a fundamentally different demand for our products than we've had historically, because it shows strength across the board and month to month, he said. Holden predicted the U.S. No. automaker will be able to sustain the sales momentum in because of its increased production plans. Highlights for Chrysler included a percent increase in sales of the Dodge Dakota Pickup, which was redesigned for the model year, to , and a percent increase in all Dodge trucks to , . Other October sales reported Friday were Toyota Motor Corp., where sales were , , up . percent Honda Motor Co. Ltd., which had an . percent increase to , Nissan Motor Co. Ltd., which had sales of , , a decrease of . percent. With of automakers reporting, total U.S. light vehicle sales for October were , , a . percent daily sales rate increase from , . Ford Motor Co., the last of the Detroit's Big Three to report, is expected to post a slight increase in sales on Nov. , according to analysts. 