Calling it a crucial change for how it develops new cars and trucks, Ford Motor Co. Wednesday launched a new computer aided design project based on a computer program from Structural Dynamics Research Corp.. Ford said the new project, called C P, will cut prototype costs by up to percent improve investment efficiency by percent to percent and eliminate half of costly late development changes. The new C P initiative represents the most fundamental change of the engineering computer infrastructure in Ford's history, Paul Blumberg, director of product development systems at Ford's Product Development Center, said in a statement. Officials did not specify any dollar amount savings. But executives said they fall under previously disclosed product development cost savings. Three new vehicle programs started this year will use C P. Once the program is fully implemented in , Ford said it will merge computer aided design, manufacturing and engineering functions into a seamless, unified system encompassing all stages of vehicle and component development. Ford's decision to team up with Structural Dynamics Research SDRC raised eyebrows at competitors. The Milford, Ohio based firm is a small player in the market of supplying computer aided design and manufacturing systems CAD CAM to the auto industry, according to both competitors and analysts. You just don't hear about SDRC, said Ron Bienkowski, an executive engineer at Chrysler Corp. Bienkowski also chided Ford for launching a new design program seven years after Chrysler did. We made the decision to go to a single system like C P back in , he said. Chrysler, as well as several other Japanese and European automakers, use the more popular CATIA program from Paris based Dassault Systemes and IBM Corp.. Charles Foundyller, president of market research firm Daratech Inc. in Cambridge, Mass., said the SDRC system is an easy to use, powerful system that should serve Ford well. All in all, I don't think Ford made a bad decision, he said. Ford made the C P announcement as part of a half day presentation to reporters touting the No. U.S. automaker's computer capabilities. Among other news items announced Wednesday, Ford plans to eliminate percent of its physical prototypes by in favor of electronic versions. Physical prototypes now constitute about percent to percent today will be able to conduct a computer simulated frontal crash for in , compared to the it currently costs will introduce a production car in Europe in that was designed almost completely using computer technology. Ford executives were hard pressed to assign dollar amounts to all of the new computer design and prototype initiatives. But Claude Lobo, director of advanced design at Ford, said the new systems dramatically improve quality and free designers and engineers to take more risks. 