Chrysler Corp. Monday said sales rose a scant . percent in November, a dramatic slowdown for the nation's third largest automaker and a sign of what analysts said would be a weak month for Detroit's Big Three. November sales of , , up from , in November , set a record for the month, and Chrysler's year to date sales of , , surpassed its previous full year record of , , set in . But the . percent increase was one of the smallest for Chrysler so far this year. Chrysler said car sales fell percent based on daily selling rates last month while sales of pickup trucks, sport utility vehicles and minivans rose percent. Chrysler credited a strong performance from its Dodge and Jeep divisions. Dodge sales were , and Jeep sales reached , , both records for November. Our new lineup continues to generate healthy traffic at our dealerships, James Holden, executive vice president of sales and marketing, said in a statement. But Burnham Securities Inc. analyst David Healy said sales to fleet dealers such as car rental agencies fell in November, contributing to the weak performance. Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are expected to post lower car sales for November, leading to weak overall sales for the No. and No. automakers. That is expected to drag down the industry's sales by percent to percent, according to Michael Luckey, president of Luckey Consulting Group. The car market from what I'm hearing is going to be lousy for just about everybody, he said. Luckey said annual sales based on November's expected performance and government seasonal data would be . million to . million units. The rate for October was . million, and the rate for November was . million. But the actual november sales rate could be , units below that, he said, because of fluctuations in government data used to compute the rate. Analysts noted that slower sales were expected for the second half of , but Healy said it was too early to declare a recession for car sales because monthly sales rates can be volatile. GM, set to report sales on Tuesday, is seen posting a percent drop in overall sales, with car sales down more than percent and light truck sales unchanged. Car sales were hurt by the three week Canadian autoworkers' strike in October, which caused a production loss of some , GM cars. Contributing to the weak numbers were customers who chose to wait for GM's new models instead of buying older versions. Certainly for quite awhile their car sales are going to be hurt by these painfully slow transitions to the new models, said Luckey, noting it could be next spring before GM has full availability of its new cars. Healy estimated Ford sales will slide percent to percent. Sales of pickups, minivans and sport utilities are expected to rise percent, with car sales off percent, he said. Ford is scheduled to announce its sales on Wednesday. Subaru of America Inc. reported a percent jump in sales to , from the previous month. Year to date sales from Subaru, a unit of Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd of Japan, were , , also up percent from a year ago. Volvo AB said U.S. sales fell . percent to , for November. 