While the U.S. auto industry celebrated its th birthday in with higher sales and a new labor accord, it expects its st year to feature a flat environment and tougher competition from foreign shores. Forecasts for project sales of total vehicles will be roughly the same as the . million seen for . But that's not all that bad, industry executives say. It means the four year upswing of car, sport utilty and pickup truck sales could continue for yet another year. We see moderate inflation. We see a steady continuation of economic expansion in the United States, Ford Motor Co Chairman Alex Trotman said recently. We're looking for the car and truck industry to fall somewhere in the to . million range for , which we would describe as a pretty good year, he said. But clouds loom on the horizon, namely from Detroit's old nemisis Japan. Japanese automakers, which have introduced hot new car and sport utility vehicles this year, are set to unleash more new products in . Honda Motor Co Ltd will soon introduce its CR V compact sport utility, and is scheduled to bring out new versions of its Accord sedan and Odyssey minivan. Toyota Motor Corp, building on the momentum of its new Camry sedan, will unveil a front wheel drive minivan called the Sienna next fall. Meantime, the relatively weak value of the Japanese yen promises to give cost conscious Big Three executives headaches. A weaker yen makes it cheaper for Japanese firms to produce vehicles in Japan and sell them in the U.S. Since April , when the yen exchange value hit a high of to the dollar, the yen has weakened. The rate is now about , meaning it takes more yen to buy one dollar. Van Bussman, Chrysler Corp's top economist, sees the yen staying in the range for the first three to six months of , then strengthen to about yen per dollar. I think it will be a substantial issue in , Bussman said. The yen having weakened from to has given them tremendous profit potential in North America. Adds Ford's Trotman It's going to be tough next year because we have the weaker yen, Trotman said. General Motors Corp will try to reverse a slide in both sales and market share next year as it introduces new cars and light trucks, including a new line of minivans. GM will also look to improve overall competitiveness with a new three year contract with the United Auto Workers that could allow it to shed , workers. But that deal did not come cheaply. GM endured several strikes through the year that will cost it more than . billion in . At Ford Motor Co, cost cutting will remain a top priority next year. Ford, the U.S. No. automaker, has scored big in the market place with its new F Series pickup trucks and Expedition full size sport utility. But car sales have lagged, with Ford being forced to slap incentives on its redesigned Taurus to push them out of dealer showrooms. Ford, which replaced the head of its core automotive operations in October, will also lose hundreds of millions from European and South American operations. 