The U.S. auto industry celebrated its th birthday in with higher sales and a new labour accord, but it can expect tough competition from foreign shores in the coming year. Clouds loom on the horizon, namely from Detroit's old nemesis Japan. The relatively weak Japanese yen promises to give cost conscious Big Three executives headaches. A weaker yen makes it cheaper for Japanese firms to produce vehicles in Japan and sell them in the United States. Since April , when the yen hit a high of to the dollar, the Japanese currency has weakened. The rate is now about , meaning it takes more yen to buy one dollar. Van Bussman, Chrysler Corp.'s top economist, believes the yen will continue in the range for the first three to six months of , then strengthen to about . I think it will be a substantial issue in , Bussman said. The yen having weakened from to has given them tremendous profit potential in North America. A look back through shows that Japanese automakers have already turned the weaker yen to their advantage through lower prices. Industry trade publication Automotive News reported the average model year price increase at Detroit's Big Three was , while the average price hike for Japanese automakers was a mere . It's going to be tough next year because we have the weaker yen, Ford Motor Co. Chairman Alex Trotman said recently. Forecasts for project total vehicle sales will be roughly the same as the . million expected for . But that's not all that bad, industry executives say. It means the four year upswing of car, sport utilty and pickup truck sales could continue for yet another year. We see moderate inflation. We see a steady continuation of economic expansion in the United States, Trotman said. We're looking for the car and truck industry to fall somewhere in the to . million range for , which we would describe as a pretty good year. Japanese automakers, which have introduced hot new car and sport utility vehicles this year, are set to unleash more new products in . Honda Motor Co. Ltd. will soon introduce its CR V compact sport utility and is scheduled to bring out new versions of its Accord sedan and Odyssey minivan. Building on the momentum of its new Camry sedan, Toyota Motor Corp. will unveil a front wheel drive minivan called the Sienna next fall. Among the Big Three, proved to be the year that Chrysler's raft of stylised new products took off, outshining its two domestic rivals. The No. automaker has boosted U.S. market share nearly two points to percent, and its calendar year sales will post their best results since . General Motors Corp. will try to reverse a slide in both sales and market share next year as it continues with the introduction of new cars and light trucks, including a new line of minivans. GM will also look to improve its overall competitiveness with a new three year contract with the United Auto Workers that could allow it to shed , workers. But that deal did not come cheaply. GM endured several strikes through the year that will cost it more than . billion. At Ford, cost cutting will remain a top priority next year. The No. automaker has scored big in the market place with its new F Series pickup trucks and Expedition full size sport utility vehicle. But its car sales have lagged, and Ford has been forced to slap incentives on its redesigned Taurus to push them out of dealer showrooms. Ford, which replaced the head of its core automotive operations in October, will also lose hundreds of millions from European and South American operations in , but sees improvements in those areas for . 