McDonald's Corp said its new restaurant openings for and likely will be at the low end of its targeted range of , to , units. We will hit the low end of our projected range with , plus restaurants in , McDonald's spokesman Chuck Ebeling told Reuters. We're just doing our planning for next year, but we expect to do , plus next year. This would be the first time in at least three years that McDonald's failed to beat its expansion projections, as it cuts back on limited menu or satellite units. In , McDonald's opened , units, beating the projection for that year of , . In , it opened , units, beating the projection of about , to , . McDonald's has nearly , restaurants worldwide. We've been ratcheting up the level of development every year since around , Ebeling said. Ebeling said McDonald's this year plans to open about plus satellite units worldwide, down from its original plan of to , satellites. The biggest decline will be seen in the United States. We recognize we need higher volume restaurants to meet the kind of profitability that we'd like for ourselves and our franchisees, Ebeling said. Merrill Lynch analyst Peter Oakes said the profitability of some satellite units, which are often built in non traditional sites such as shopping malls, has been uncertain. In the big picture, the financial performance of satellites appears to be spotty, Oakes said. Ebeling said U.S. satellite units will account for about one third of the total for these smaller sites, down from percent as originally planned. Overall, Ebeling said about one third of McDonald's restaurant openings will still be in the United States. Bear, Stearns analyst Joseph Buckley added he would not be surprised to see McDonald's shift its restaurant opening strategy to further emphasize the international market. McDonald's said operating income outside the United States contributed percent to consolidated income for the quarter. Earlier, McDonald's reported third quarter income of . a share, . below the consensus estimate, but above the . it earned last year. McDonald's said its U.S. operating income was down five percent in the quarter, which it blamed partly on an intensely competitive operating environment. Same store sales in the United States, measuring results for units open for at least one year, were negative in the third quarter and for the first nine months of the year. But U.S sales may be picking up, Oakes added. I think U.S. same store sales are starting to hit bottom, Oakes said. Thus far in October, it seems like they have picked up and are in the flattish range. Reuters Chicago Newsdesk 