Conseco Inc. said Monday it would buy Pioneer Financial Services Inc., a health and life insurer, for about million in stock, extending its acquisition spree. Carmel, Ind. based Conseco will also pay million to retire bank debt and pay other costs, the companies said. For Conseco, the Pioneer acquisition its seventh deal announced this year alone is aimed at building its offerings for senior citizens. Conseco is already among the leading providers of supplemental health insurance, retirement annuities and life insurance for consumers aged and older, analysts said. The aged plus consumer is a key part of the current marketplace and also a rapidly growing piece of that plus marketplace, added James Rosensteele, Conseco spokesman. The companies said the merger would create the largest distribution organisation selling health and life insurance products in the markets where it operates. It's an excellent match, Conseco Chairman Stephen Hilbert said in a statement. Under the transaction, Conseco would use a fraction of a share of its common stock worth to , depending on the price in the days before the closing, to buy Pioneer Financial stock. Pioneer debt notes would also become convertible into Conseco stock. Pioneer Financial jumped . to . in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange, while Conseco stock was up cents at in consolidated trading. The transaction is subject to approval by regulators and Pioneer Financial stockholders. It should be completed within days, the companies said. For Pioneer, a health and life insurance and annuities company based in Schaumburg, Ill., its agreement to join forces with Conseco reflects continued consolidation in the industry. Pioneer markets mainly to people and older, small business owners and the self employed. With the consolidation that's going on in the industry, you're going to have to be a mega company to have the greatest efficiency and the greatest value to the customer, Everen analyst Frederick Sandburg said. That consolidation is apparent in Conseco's track record of completing acquisitions involving a total of insurance companies since . Conseco is one of the nation's leading providers of supplemental health insurance, retirement annuities and universal life insurance. Rosensteele said while acquisitions continued to be a part of Conseco's strategy, roughly half of the growth of its assets has been from new business generated by companies after they have been purchased. Conseco said it would have billion of assets and billion of investments under management after completion of the Pioneer acquisition and other deals. Beyond the portfolio of policies, the Pioneer acquisition also will add to Conseco's marketing efforts, particularly to senior citizens, analysts said. Pioneer has , agents, in addition to Conseco's , independent and career agents. Founded in , fast growing Conseco has completed several acquisitions recently. In October, it completed the purchase of American Life Holdings Inc., a provider of annuities for retirement savings plans, for million in cash. On Aug. , Conseco agreed to acquire American Travellers Corp., a provider of long term care insurance, for million in stock, and Capitol American Financial Corp., which markets cancer insurance and other health coverage, for million in cash and stock. Also in August, Conseco completed the acquisition of Life Partners Group, a life insurer, for million in stock, a deal that was announced on March . 