Republic Industries Inc., the aggressive Florida company run by businessman Wayne Huizenga, on Friday defended its plans to buy security firm ADT Ltd. after a New York newspaper reported that the transaction would be called off. The deal has not been killed. It is still moving forward, spokesman Ronald Castell said. Huizenga, founder of Blockbuster Entertainment, owns the Florida Marlins baseball, Dolphins football and Panthers hockey professional sports teams. Republic has three major areas of business electronic security, solid waste and used cars. Originally valued at billion when the stock transaction was announced in July, the deal has lost about percent of its value due to a steep decline in Republic's share price. At the time the deal was first announced, Republic shares were trading at about . Citing unnamed industry sources, the New York Post reported that ADT was expected to call off the deal because of the drop in value. Shares of Republic closed up . cents at . on Nasdaq after trading as high as . as takeover traders rushed to cover short positions. ADT stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed up cents at . . Boca Raton, Florida based ADT declined to comment on the report, but Wall Street analysts said both companies were dismissing the article. What ADT has told me is that nothing has changed, said Andrew Jeffrey of Robertson Stephens amp Co., referring to the report that the deal was dead. Some Wall Street traders have speculated that Republic may be forced to sweeten the terms of the deal to make up for the lost value in its stock price. Republic's Castell declined to discuss details of the deal's value. The transaction also has been clouded by concerns that Western Resources Inc., which owns . percent of ADT, may oppose the acquisition. Western has said it was not consulted about the merger, but has not yet determined if it will seek to block the deal. The ADT acquisition represents a huge step for Republic, which has acquired security companies since it entered the industry months ago. 