China has emerged from the cocoon of last week's National Day celebrations to swoop on the world's soybean and soymeal markets, snapping up a total of between , and , tonnes, traders said on Tuesday. One trader in the region took the credit for a full half of , tonnes of beans and meal business that he said had been done with Chinese buyers in the past four trading days. There has been a chunk of business going on, he said. I guess total meal and beans done since last Wednesday is , tonnes, with , to , of it beans and , to , tonnes of it meal, he said. Chinese buyers jumped into the market as soon as the National Day holiday was over, he said, expressing his surprise at how fast the usually cautious Chinese reacted to price falls. China celebrated the th anniversary of the founding of the communist ruled People's Republic on October with an extended public holiday that saw government, business and trade closed for three weekdays last Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. During that time, soy product prices fell significantly on the Chicago Board of Trade CBOT on trade concerns that the U.S. crop would be higher than previously thought. Talk of Chinese interest has helped CBOT values move up a little in the past week. Reports that China last week bought between , and , tonnes of soymeal for November December delivery from the United States, South America and India helped propel CBOT soy product futures higher on Monday. Soymeal was . per tonne higher to . lower, with October up . at . a tonne. The price falls coincided with one of China's peak buying periods for soybeans, soybean meal and vegetable oil. The regional trading source claiming half the recent business as his own said he sold meal at c amp f cost and freight and beans at to a tonne above that. The soybeans were of U.S. origin, he said, meal spread between the United States and South America. Shipments would begin in October November for December January arrival. Buyers were numerous, he said, and all the purchases were for consumption. While the other half of the business could not be immediately confirmed, one other Asian trader said he believed a total of , tonnes of beans and meal business had been done with China since the National Day break. Chinese buyers were looking for low protein meal at a tonne, and beans at between and a tonne, he said. I don't think this price will fly, but as usual PRC buyers start off low and see how low they can get it, he said. Meal business concluded since last Wednesday was , to , tonnes, he said, with beans , to , tonnes. Competitive freight rates in a tight market were helping keep c amp f values down, trading sources said, adding vessels could be found at to a tonne from the United States to China. China had been expected to buy up to , tonnes of soybeans before December, and up to , tonnes after March , a Chinese trader said. That's to make sure they have enough in stock before new crop meal comes into the market, which will be January at the earliest. And then enough in stock before Chinese New Year in February , he said. So we're right on target, he said. Hong Kong News Room 