Chinese importers are expected to make incremental use of import quotas for . million tonnes of palm oil to avoid driving up the world price and pushing down the domestic price, Far East traders said on Friday. China still has significant stocks of edible oil reported in official media to be . million tonnes by the end of October which could even keep China out of the palm oil market until early , traders said. A flurry in Malaysian palm oil futures prices on Friday, as speculators reacted to news the Chinese government had approved imports of . million tonnes of palm oil, was a knee jerk reaction, trading sources around the region said. This is just panic short covering and speculative interest, a Singapore trader said. People are just looking at the volume of . million tonnes, they are not looking at the market reality, he said. Import licences could be extended, said another trader, as those issued in had been for six months. This is just the normal annual allocation, he said. Unless China buys a couple of hundred thousand tonnes a month, there is no justification for a market move, this is just on the news. People have been talking about it for a month or more. There is no need for China to hurry, he said. Malaysian Primary Industries Minister Lim Keng Yaik said on Thursday China had approved imports of . million tonnes of palm oil between August and March . Malaysia would provide percent of China's palm oil, Lim said, with the remainder coming from Indonesia. At midday, the benchmark third position November crude palm oil futures contract was up ringgit to , riggit US . a tonne. Among refined products, November December RBD palm olein was traded at a tonne FOB Malaysia. Traders said domestic Chinese palm oil prices were around , yuan a tonne. Using the November December bulk palm olein FOB Malaysia price as a benchmark, traders said importing did not make economical sense for China as costs, freight, insurance, and import and value added taxes would push the price up to , yuan a tonne. They are not likely to use the quotas straight away, another trader said. Annual per capita consumption of edible oil in China is six kg . lb , compared with the average kg . lb in developed countries. Traders said China had been importing about , tonnes a month of palm oil, mostly as bulk palm olein, up to June. Palm olein is used by the food industry for manufacture of ice cream and cakes palm oil is used for frying in the production of instant noodles. Customs figures released this week show China's edible oil imports, including palm oil, in the first seven months of were . million tonnes, down . percent from the same period in . July vegetable imports were nil, the figures show. Palm oil imports for the first seven months of totalled , tonnes, trading sources said, down percent on the same period. Overbuying in was still hanging over the market, traders said. Some sources have predicted that current vegetable oil stocks could last until the end of , and they point to soft domestic prices as proof. Indeed, prices indicated in Shanghai on Wednesday showed vegetable oil prices falling to as low as , yuan a tonne, from , a tonne two weeks ago. Soyoil fell to , a tonne, from around , two weeks ago, according to figures from the National Grains and Oils Information Centre. 