Asian traders raised their eyebrows on Monday at reports that China had bought hundreds of thousands of tonnes of soybean oil, saying authorities had issued import licences for only a fraction of that. Total quota issued for soybean oil imports were a little over , tonnes, a trader in Shanghai said. People with quota are not in a hurry to import, he said, because c amp f cost and freight prices to China were still too high for local buyers. A Chinese trader in Hong Kong concurred, saying high domestic stocks and a near record domestic rapeseed crop of eight million tonnes meant there was as yet no demand in China for imported vegetable oil. Rumours swept the Chicago Board of Trade CBOT on Friday that China may have bought , to , tonnes of South American soybean oil in the previous few days. Argentine soybean oil was trading on Thursday at US a tonne FOB free on board for October delivery while U.S. soybean oil was a tonne, sources in the U.S. said. Asian traders said these levels were still a good away from prices Chinese buyers would be willing to pay. But an official of Beijing's food trading arm China National Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Import Export Corp COFCO told Reuters China had not yet issued new soybean oil quota or import licences for . Quotas for had expired at the end of June, she said. Palm oil import quotas had been issued in July, she said, but declined to give more details. China could come into the market for vegetable oil late in or early in to make sure there was enough in stock for Chinese New Year in February, traders said. A Chinese source said , tonnes of soyoil import licences were issued by central authorities in August. He said , tonnes of soyoil had already been imported on that quota, and , tonnes of quota had been allocated to Tibet so licences could be sold there for cash. Authorities in Tibet, contacted by telephone, said they were unaware of this. One trading house source in the region reported a busy day on the telephone on Monday, fielding Chinese inquiries for soybean oil. He thought perhaps this was an indication quota had been issued. Relevant officials with the Ministry of Agriculture could not be immediately reached for comment. An executive with an international marketing organisation who met Shanghai grain bureau officials last week said they had no indication of when import quotas for vegetable oil would be issued. They said they were going to apply for licences, but they had no idea when they were likely to be issued, she said by telephone. Prices quoted last Thursday by the National Grains and Oils Information Centre in Shanghai put grade one soybean oil in northeastern Jilin province at , yuan a tonne, and grade two in Tianjin at , yuan a tonne. Freight information from Brazil details , tonnes of vegetable oil due to be loaded for China in early October. No other details were available. Soyoil imported into China without an import licence carries a percent import tax. Importers with licences must pay percent import duty and a percent value added tax on top of that. Hong Kong newsroom 