Canadian and Australian sales of malting barley to China could be limited by weather woes and disease concerns, which are cutting the amount of quality grain available for export this year, industry sources said on Monday. Canada was hit by early snow that damaged the barley crop and would keep sales to China of the higher quality malting variety below , tonnes, a Canadian marketing source said. Canada had already sold close to , tonnes of malting barley to China in the current marketing year August July , he told Reuters. We won't do more than , tonnes to China , he said. We will be lucky if we hit , . It's a very tight market. That tightness could work to Australia's advantage, but farmers there had shown a preference this year for disease resistant strains of feed barley, Barry Marshall, deputy general manager of the Australian Barley Board ABB , said. Frost in Victoria and South Australia could cut the board's availability of malting barley by , tonnes from earlier expectations of , from the two southern states, Marshall said by telephone from his Adelaide office. The ABB, which markets Victorian and South Australian barley, could thus have , tonnes of malting barley to sell domestically and the same again for export. We would hope , to , tonnes will go to China, Marshall said. Official Chinese figures show total barley imports from January to September were , tonnes, and , tonnes in September alone. No comparative figures were available. Australia's total crop would be in the range of . million tonnes, Marshall said, up from last year's . million and possibly the best ever. The harvest should begin in about days, he said, and exports could start moving in early December. Canada's shipments of two row malting barley to China last marketing year were around , tonnes, selling at around US a tonne, the marketing source in Hong Kong said. He said Canadian wheat began the marketing year to China at around a tonne C amp F China, after the Canadian Wheat Board CWB and China National Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Import Export Corp COFCO agreed on the price. The CWB is trying to compete because the Australians have such a large crop, he said. The ABB's Marshall said Australian malting barley was US FOB Australian ports, arriving C amp F China at about US a tonne. Earlier sales went for around a tonne FOB, he said, adding that Canada's earlier FOB prices were around . China's beer market is one of the most dynamic in the world, with year on year growth of . percent for total output of . million tonnes, according to official figures. China produced . million tonnes of beer in the first nine months of , up . percent on the year ago period, State Statistical Bureau figures show. China grows around four million tonnes of barley each year but little of malting quality. Canada's exports of malting barley to China have averaged , to , tonnes a year in recent years. Australia and the European Union share much of the remainder of the market, though Australia was out of the trading loop in because drought cut barley output to . million tonnes. Hong Kong Newsroom 