Around , tonnes of copper is in the process of being added to the stocks of China's central reserve authorities with about a third of that quantity now clearing through customs, Asian traders said on Monday. Metals trading and industry sources polled in recent days by Reuters generally agreed that Shanghai bonded warehouses have held up to , tonnes of copper. The copper in the Shanghai bonded warehouses has been settled and is moving into China, a Chinese metals trader said. The copper's ownership and purpose have been contentious since it was channelled into China in the wake of Japanese Sumitomo Corp's revelation in June of massive copper trading losses now said by the company to total US . billion. Many market and industry sources have said the copper was bought by Beijing's metals trading arm China National Non ferrous Metals Import Export Corp CNIEC possibily in conjunction with Sumitomo. Neither CNIEC nor Sumitomo have made any official comment. A Chinese source, who trades for a state owned company, said central authorities bought the copper now moving through customs to cover the , tonnes of the red metal lent to the market in March and which had to be taken back. But a European trader in Beijing said the , tonnes was additional to the tonnages now undergoing customs formalities. He also noted the earlier movement of between , to , tonnes of copper which was shipped from Shanghai to bonded warehouses in north China for the state reserve. Another , , tonnes had been taken from London Metal Exchange LME warehouses and would be delivered to Chinese ports in January or early February, he said. The European source's total figure of , , tonnes tallies with reports from other sources, Western and Chinese, who have said China, either through major state owned trading companies or smaller firms with hot money, is due to take delivery of substantial amounts of copper. As the London Metal Exchange LME copper price plummeted in June on Sumitomo's news, China was said to be taking advantage of prices below , a tonne to stock up. Arbitrage opportunities are narrowing, however, and trade sources said they were relieved the Shanghai hoard was destined for central government reserves. This will keep it off the market, a Shanghai trader said. The European source in Beijing said These tonnages are worth US billion and only the central reserve authorities have the capacity to put out this sort of money. It could even be part of the Three Gorges Dam budget that project could easily use , tonnes of copper and the reserve's stocks are very low, he said. A large gap between LME and Shanghai Metal Exchange prices gave Chinese arbitragers a stab at healthy profits and a chance to take their money out of domestic equities. This fuelled fears that massive amounts of copper could be channeled onto the domestic Chinese market. A South American source who regularly visits Chinese copper smelters said many of his contacts had recently expressed fears that , tonnes of copper would soon arrive in China and kill the market for domestic product. Beijing's plan to dam the Yangtse River is one of the world's biggest infrastructure projects, costing around billion and due for completion in . Five different departments of Shanghai Customs contacted by Reuters said they did not know of the copper movements. A number of government departments, as well as Beijing's metals production arm China National Non ferrous Metals Corp CNNC and CNIEC also said they were not aware of or had no comment on the market talk. China is traditionally guarded about its reserves, treating all relevant figures as a state secret. Copper futures on the Shanghai Metal Exchange breached the key resistance level of , yuan , per tonne in early Monday trading, after sharp gains on the LME on Friday. LME copper rode a roller coaster on Friday, finally settling at , a tonne, a gain of over Thursday as the market shook off rumours of huge stocks held in Rotterdam and focused on the lowest LME copper stocks in years. The latest Hong Kong indications of premium or discount in US tonne over LME cash prices on a CIF basis Nov Oct COPPER ALUMINIUM Western CIS N A N A LEAD N A ZINC Chinese N A Western N A . yuan Hong Kong Newsroom 