Chinese zinc producers are expected to take advantage of high international prices to export, though this may lead to a domestic supply squeeze and firmer prices at home, Far East metal traders said on Monday. With London Metal Exchange LME zinc prices having risen by around a tonne since the start of to the highest levels in nearly two years, Chinese producers are seen accelerating sales, they said. Three month LME zinc was little changed at , a tonne in early trade in London on Monday, after a kerb close of , on Friday. The market was seen consolidating after a blistering rise that peaked last week at , . Already this year, Torch Metal in Hong Kong, which sells on behalf of Chinese producers, has exported , tonnes of Chinese zinc to end users because the price is right, a company source said by telephone from the British colony. None of this metal had gone to the LME warehouse in Singapore, he said, adding that Torch had a further , tonnes of zinc to sell in the course of and would not hesitate to take advantage of price rallies. A Chinese trader in Beijing said one of the major smelters had sold between , to , tonnes of Chinese metal in late December at , yuan , a tonne FOB free on board southern Chinese ports. That metal was exported after the government wiped out the five percent zinc export tax on January , , he said. That zinc was sold before the rally, but it was still quite expensive, he said. A futures trader with a state Chinese firm in Singapore said Chinese producers who sold into the market before price rises could well deliver their metal to the LME to record a paper loss, but a healthy profit in the cash market. They producers would only look at the premium picture, he said. If physical sells at a nice premium, they could sell their LME position, and sell physical based on LME prices plus a nice premium, he said. Sources in Asia said LME price levels over , a tonne would make Chinese exports worthwhile. If the price goes up further, the quantity of Chinese exports will move up, a source in China said. That echoed the view of a number of traders in China, Hong Kong and Singapore polled by Reuters. Some said it could lead to another round of boom bust trading that saw domestic Chinese zinc prices rise to , yuan , a tonne, ex smelter, two years ago. The Beijing trader said China had , to , tonnes of zinc metal available for export this year. China exports around a quarter of its annual zinc output. Official figures show exports of unwrought zinc and zinc alloys rose to , tonnes, over 's , tonnes. December exports alone were , tonnes. We always believe Chinese metal will pressure the market, another Chinese source said. Most people will see a good chance in the price rises. But he said that once Chinese zinc producers saw they could get attractive export prices for their product, they could desert their domestic customers. This will squeeze domestic supplies, then domestic prices will move up, then it makes more sense to keep the metal at home because the prices are better, he said. Here we go again. The Beijing trader said special high grade zinc accounted for around , tonnes of Chinese exports so far this year, with the same quantity of high grade metal. Up to percent of the exports had gone to end users, he and other sources said, much of it to Japan. Under its General System of Preferences GSP programme, Japan exempts metal imports from developing countries submitted for customs clearance before the April start of the fiscal year. The latest Hong Kong indications of premium or discount in US tonne over LME cash prices on a CIF basis Jan Jan COPPER ALUMINIUM Western CIS LEAD ZINC Chinese N A Western alloys N A . yuan 