Freed from its slow growing data storage and imaging businesses, Minnesota Mining amp Manufacturing Co showed on Friday it can excite Wall Street. The St. Paul, Minn. based manufacturing giant sometimes seen as a mirror of the U.S. economy posted strong third quarter sales and earnings growth versus year ago results. Shares in M jumped to on the strength of an earnings report that exceeded analysts' estimates. It's been a long time since M beat any kind of estimate, said PNC Institutional Investment Services analyst John Franck. A lot of people were questioning whether this company could grow again, Franck said. M served notice that it can with third quarter sales up . percent and profits up . percent, analysts said. Now that they've spun off Imation, which was taking up too much of their resources and adding to earnings volatility, this is the M that most people expect when they invest in it, said Crowell Weedon analyst Douglas Christopher. On July , M's data storage and imaging businesses began operations as an independent company, Imation Corp. The quarter just ended is M's first since the spinoff. They're not held back anymore by that business that's now called Imation, said Merrill Lynch analyst Robert Curran. After reporting third quarter profits of million, or . per share, on sales of . billion, M said it expects solid growth again in the fourth quarter. If it can deliver successive quarters of big gains, M could move out of the realm of value stock funds and draw the attention again of growth stock investors, analysts said. M is a little different from most companies ... They're PhD oriented so there's a lot of intellectual types up there, but they're building a powerhouse, Franck said. M makes thousands of products from Scotch tape, Post it notes and air filters to diaper closures, flexible computer circuits and kitchen sponges. It can be said that their domestic business is something of an indicator of the economy as a whole because it's so diverse, Curran said. That is less true since the Imation spin off. There are key sectors of the U.S. economy absent from M's product line. And more than half its business is outside the United States. Still, said Franck, You can probably take U.S. GDP gross domestic product , multiply it by two and factor in whatever you want for inflation and you've basically got their sales growth rate ... If the economy is doing well, they do well. Chicago Newsdesk 