Eight of the top publicly traded U.S. health maintenance organizations are expected to report lower or flat fourth quarter profits as the industry shuts the books on a dismal year and moves warily into . Dissatisfied with narrow profit margins, Wall Street is turning cautious on many HMO stocks, although plenty of merger and acquisition action underlies the sector and is supporting the share prices of firms seen as targets. Consolidation will remain at a high level, said Salomon Brothers managed healthcare analyst Robert Hoehn. As HMOs report quarterly results over the next few weeks, two companies are expected to defy the earnings slump. Booming Oxford Health Plans Inc has been a bright spot in the gloom all year and is forecast to post profits percent higher than the year ago level, analysts said. PacifiCare Health Systems Inc is expected to show to percent earnings improvement, although its quarter will be complicated by a pending acquisition of FHP International Corp. It's sort of a throw away quarter for PacifiCare, said Volpe Welty analyst Ed Keaney. The problem that most HMOs were unable to solve throughout was a costly mismatch between medical cost inflation forecasts that fell short and an inability to push through compensatory premium increases. A margin squeeze resulted. This year there may be room for a little bit of premium expansion as the year unfolds, but not enough of an increase to make it possible for these companies to restore margins to previous levels, Keaney said. Citing small premium rises so far in the January renewal period, Hoehn said Uncertainties regarding profitability will remain, albeit at a reduced level from . U.S. FIRST CALL CONSENSUS QTRLY EARNINGS FORECASTS Company Qtr EPS estimate Yr ago EPS Foundation Health Q . . Humana Q . . Mid Atlantic Medical Q . . Oxford Health Q . . PacifiCare Health Q . . Physicians Health Q . . Sierra Health Q . . United Healthcare Q . . Healthsource Q . . NOTE Parentheses indicate loss. Chicago Newsdesk 