Most U.S. nursing home and hospital companies are expected to report higher profits in the fourth quarter on some easy comparisons, but Wall Street is wary of negative surprises. A lot of them are going against very weak results last year so they have easy comparisons, said NatWest Securities industry analyst Marie Conway. At the same time, Schroder Wertheim analyst William McKeever said, There's probably more potential for downside to earnings than upside ... There could be disappointments. Pressing industry issues such as Medicare and Medicaid reform and reimbursement rates for contract therapy services remain unresolved. Little progress has been made in Washington, said Scott amp Stringfellow analyst George Shipp. The industry finished a volatile on the upswing after a big summer sell off. The Morgan Stanley Healthcare Provider index of top hospital management and nursing home stocks was near Tuesday, up from at the start of the year. We like the sector in general, although there are some issues that have dogged certain companies, Conway said. For instance, Sun Healthcare Group Inc and Horizon CMS Healthcare Corp, dragged down by various problems, have lagged the sector, she said. Earnings at Integrated Health Services Inc are forecast to be barely improved from last year after the company's acquisitions of Coram Healthcare Corp and First American Health Care of Georgia Inc. They've made a very bold bet on home healthcare ... Things at Integrated are getting a little better, Shipp said. Health Management Associates Inc is expected to lead the for profit hospital sector in earnings gains, with moderate increases projected for Tenet HealthCare and sector giant Columbia HCA Healthcare Corp. U.S. FIRST CALL CONSENSUS QTRLY EARNINGS FORECASTS Company Qtr EPS estimate Yr ago EPS Beverly Enterprises Q . . Columbia HCA Q . . Health Care amp Retirement Q . . Health Management Associates Q . . Integrated Health Q . . Manor Care Q . . Tenet Healthcare Q . . Vencor Inc Q . . NOTE Manor Care figures exclude earning of Choice Hotels unit. Manor Care and Tenet Q 's end in February. Chicago Newsdesk 