Columbia HCA Healthcare Corp., the largest U.S. hospital company, Thursday agreed to buy pharmacy benefits management firm Value Health Inc. for about . billion in stock. The deal caused concern on Wall Street, which sold off Columbia shares. Its stock fell to . on the New York Stock Exchange. Some analysts said the acquisition signalled that Columbia intended to set itself up as a competitor to health insurers and HMOs, many of which are its customers, in a strategy that could have huge repercussions in the healthcare business. If anybody was unclear about Columbia's intentions before today, they certainly shouldn't be anymore, said Montgomery Securities healthcare industry analyst Ken Laudan. Other analysts viewed the Value Health deal as essentially defensive, gaining for Columbia some of the same buying power its biggest customers enjoy and sometimes use against it. There will be a point where Columbia will compete with HMOs and payors, said an analyst who asked not to be identified. When that day comes, Columbia wants to be sure it can offer consumers a package of healthcare services as integrated and affordable as those of its rivals, he suggested. Value Health fits well into Columbia's integrated delivery system and increases our ability to be a full service provider of healthcare services for our patients and customers, Columbia Chairman Richard Scott said in a statement. For Avon, Conn. based Value Health, which had revenues of nearly . billion, the proposed Columbia deal ends a long process of shopping for suitors. Value Health has been on the block for a while, said ABN AMRO Chicago Corp. healthcare industry analyst Peter Costa. Value Health was rumoured in late to have received a buyout offer from Pfizer Inc. of as much as per share, analysts said. At the time, drug manufacturers were busily acquiring pharmaceutical benefits managers, with the notion that they could sell more drugs through them. Since then, Value Health's stock price has dropped from a trading range in the high s to . , up . , Thursday. On a per share basis, the Columbia stock transaction proposal is worth about . per share, based on Wednesday's closing price of Columbia, analysts said. I don't think there's going to be a competing bid because everyone has had a chance to see Value Health by now, said Dain Bosworth healthcare industry analyst Chris Sergeant. In the rapidly changing healthcare business, Nashville, Tenn. based Columbia, with revenues estimated to total nearly billion, is in a class by itself. It operates hospitals, surgery centres, more than home health locations and a pharmacy benefits management operation of its own. No other hospital company approaches its size and its decisions have far reaching impact on drugs, medical devices and virtually every other healthcare market. Last March, Columbia said it intended to buy for . million most of Cleveland based Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Ohio, a health insurer that covers . million people. With Columbia's Blue Cross deal awaiting Ohio regulatory clearance, the Value Health deal heightens fears that Columbia sees its future extending beyond hospitals, analysts said. At the same time, Robinson Humphrey analyst John Runningen said the Value Health deal did not pose a direct challenge to insurers and HMOs. Value Health is not an HMO. It's a company that sells services to HMOs ... Columbia is stopping short of competing with HMOs, Runningen said. Columbia did not immediately return telephone calls. 