Guidant Corp expects no material impact on its financial results from a halt in shipments to Europe of its Ventak AV implantable defibrillator, chief executive Ronald Dollens said Tuesday. In an interview with Reuters, Dollens said, We don't think it's material. We can't imagine it would be more than million for us, even as a top line phenomenon, because we feel we'll be back on the market in four to six weeks in Europe. The company said Monday it stopped shipments of the heartbeat regulating device due to technical problems. About of the devices have been implanted in people since the Ventak AV was approved for sale in Europe in November. It is not approved for sale in the United States. The problem with the device is mechanical and cannot be fixed by reprogramming, Dollens said. Depending on the patient, if a problem is present and needs to be fixed, removal and replacement would be necessary, he said. He added Guidant does not foresee the situation delaying expected U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearance. We don't think it will impact U.S. launch timelines, he said. We expect to have it on the market for the majority of the second half of in the U.S. We're staying with that, Dollens said. Shares in Indianapolis based Guidant were up to following announcement Tuesday of year end results that saw sales for the year hit . billion, up percent over . Net income rose percent to . million on the year, excluding certain one time items. When 's over, we will be looking at growth rates very similar to what we saw in on the top line, Dollens said. Sales in the company's vascular intervention segment for the quarter were down year over year, but up slightly from the third quarter, he said. We think we've turned that corner. And we launched two new dilatation catheters within the quarter. So the month coming out of the quarter was much stronger than the month when we entered the quarter. We expect to continue to see quarter to quarter growth on vascular intervention sales, he said. Chicago Newsdesk 