Patterson Dental Co expects to report fiscal third quarter earnings in the range of . to . per share, well above the First Call consensus of . per share, said chief executive Peter Frechette. In an interview with Reuters, Frechette said, In terms of net income for this quarter, we would expect to be between . and . milllion. That translates to . or . per share for the third quarter which ended January . Patterson, the largest U.S. dental products distributor, had net income of . per share in the year ago quarter. The prior year period did not benefit from sales of Patterson's Colwell division, which it acquired in October from Deluxe Corp. Patterson chief financial officer Roanld Ezerski said the company paid nearly million in cash for Colwell, which makes stationery and office supplies and markets them to healthcare providers. In the quarter, our performance really benefitted from a stronger performance from the Colwell acquisition ... It is clearly performing better than anticipated, Frechette said. For the nine month period ended January , Frechette said Patterson expects earnings of . to . per share. Patterson had net income of . per share in the third quarter of the preceding fiscal year. For all of fiscal , Wall Street projects earnings of . per share for St. Paul, Minn. based Patterson, according to the First Call consensus of four analysts' estimates. We feel we can exceed that number, Frechette said. Patterson expects to post third quarter results next week. Frechette said incremental sales and earnings from the Colwell unit are being realized before Patterson has had a chance to leverage Colwell sales with its own sales force. Shares in Patterson were up to in early trading. Patterson sells dental equipment, supplies and other products and services in the United States and Canada. Canadian sales account for less than percent of total revenues, but have posed a challenge in recent quarters. We would expect for the third quarter to report a sales increase in Canada of about . percent ... Due to competitive pressures in Canada, we would also expect to report an operating loss in Canada, Frechette said. In the second quarter, Canadian sales declined . percent. The Canadian marketplace is not terribly robust, Frechette said, but he added progress is being made. When we look at the U.S. market, we would expect for the quarter to report an increase of about . percent in sales, Frechette said. That included a very strong supply sales quarter. Supplies were up about . percent, which obviously translates into equipment being softer for the quarter. Ezerski said equipment sales for the quarter would be above prior year, but not as good as second quarter. In the second quarter, equipment sales were up . percent year over year. Patterson on January had about sales representatives, up from a year earlier. Increased staffing occured mostly in the United States, Frechette said. Sales of the Cerec and KCP , both newly introduced dental care products, are progressing as expected, he said. Chicago Newsdesk 