Consolidation in the nursing home and sub acute medical care services industry accelerated Tuesday with the announcement of two mergers involving companies long rumored to be shopping for deals. Healthsouth Corp said it agreed to acquire Horizon CMS Healthcare Corp in a stock transaction valued at . billion, including debt assumption. In addition, Sun Healthcare Group said it agreed to buy Retirement Care Associates Inc and Contour Medical Inc for million in stock and cash. Both deals underline Wall Street speculation that the highly fragmented industry is rapidly consolidating. This is far from over and will probably go on for a while, said Schroder Wertheim analyst William McKeever. Birmingham, Ala. based Healthsouth, with revenues of . billion, operates the largest U.S. chain of rehabilitation hospitals and other specialty medical centers. Horizon CMS, based in Albuquerque, N.M., runs the nation's second largest rehab hospital chain, but also has nursing homes and other healthcare businesses. At closing, Horizon CMS was up to . Healthsouth was down to . Healthsouth said it would evaluate strategic alternatives for Horizon's nursing home and other non rehab businesses, in which analysts said Healthsouth likely has little interest. Sun Healthcare, also based in Albuquerque, said its acquisition of Atlanta based Retirement Care, and its majority owned Contour affiliate, will boost Sun's total roster of nursing homes to in the United States and United Kingdom. Combined with Retirement Care, Sun said it expects to have annual revenues of about billion. Sun expects to realize significant business synergies from the acquisition of Retirement Care Associates and Contour Medical, it said. Last week, Louisville, Ky. based Vencor Inc agreed to acquire TheraTx Inc, of Alpharetta, Ga., for million, prompting analysts to predict more mergers and acquisitions ahead. Vencor is the largest U.S. operator of long term care hospitals and runs sub acute care units, nursing homes and other businesses. TheraTx provides rehab services under contract and operates nursing homes. Chicago Newsdesk 