Vodafone Group, Britain's biggest mobile phones firm, posted a sharp percent rise in first half profits on Tuesday and insisted that the mobile market was likely to maintain a robust percent growth rate next year. Vodafone also announced it was buying The People's Phone Company, its biggest high street retailer and service provider of mobile phones, for about million pounds million . Vodafone, which is licenced to serve over million people in countries, now has five wholly owned service providers which, along with investments in another four, represent over percent of its subscriber base with more than branded shops. Pretax profits in the first half of the year rose to million pounds after a . million pound exceptional credit on asset disposals on sales of . million pounds, percent higher than last time. The dividend, up percent at . p per share, also came in at the top end of expectations, helping the shares to close pence higher at . pence. Outgoing chief executive Sir Gerald Whent dismissed newspaper articles heralding what he called doom and gloom in the mobile phone market, saying that he expected a similar growth in net new connections to this year. Vodafone has only just begun, he stated. His successor, Chris Gent, told a news conference that the total market for mobile communications grew by , , in the first six months of the year six percent less than in the same period last year. The group netted , , subscribers at the end of September in its core British market, with overall growth in the period of , compared to , last year. But Gent said the rate of decline was slowing and figures for October and November indicated a better quarter than the last two even before the key Christmas period. It may be that in previous years figures were inflated by customers attracted to cellular before they were ready to make a long term commitment, he said. Despite a . percent dip in market share as rivals such as smaller digital mobile phones group Orange leave their indelible mark, Vodafone said it still had percent of the mobile phone market and remained the market leader. Vodafone's total customer base has swollen to , , on its analogue network and , digital customers. Vodafone rarely disappoints and it certainly hasn't this time around, said Evan Miller, telecoms analyst at brokers CS First Boston. Rumours of the demise of the UK mobile phone market have proved premature. There is life in the market and Vodafone is taking more than its fair share of it. Vodafone, which celebrated its fifth anniversary as a fully independent company last month, has generated robust profits which last year amounted to million pounds with operating cash flows of million pounds. A proposed billion merger between British Telecommunications and America's MCI sparked rumours that U.S. telecoms giant AT amp T may want to increase its presence in Britain by acquiring Vodafone. But Gent told Reuters in an interview that the group had not had talks with AT amp T and doubted such a deal would emerge. Anything is possible, but we haven't been approached, he said. As the British mobile market becomes increasingly competitive, Vodafone has invested in mobile businesses through western Europe and the Pacific Rim which contributed a maiden . million pound profit before interest, tax and a . million pound charge for its Hong Kong operation. Foreign interests, including a stake in France's Societe Francaise du Radiotelephone SFR , a stake in the German operator E Plus Mobilfunk, and operations in Australia, South Africa, Greece and Hong Kong, turned in a loss of about million pounds in the first half of last year. But the company is on track for reaping percent of profits from overseas operations by , Gent said. . Pound 