Sema Group, the fast growing Anglo French information technology group, said on Friday it was banking on growth from its telecoms and business systems operations in . But director of communications Marie Claude Bessis told Reuters that although the group was seeking to expand into Germany and the U.S., Sema plans to focus on maintaining robust organic growth this financial year. will be a year of integration...It will not be a year of acquisitions like and even , Bessis told Reuters by telephone from Paris. From we will see the opportunities...But the objective will be to integrate the acquisitions, to maintain a strong organic growth and to accelerate the telecom and business system market, she said. Spending on technology is surging in the fast growing telecoms market and Sema has signed agreements with Global One the alliance of Sprint, Deutsche Telekom and France Telecom, which is an indirect shareholder in Sema and AT amp T. The group is developing value added services and two way messaging for AT amp T's wireless arm and is integrating the computer systems of Global One. Sema's first rights issue to raise million stg for acquisitions and growth last year has left the group with million stg of cash and no gearing. And acquisitions such as the purchase of France Telecom's stake in IT systems integration business Telis last year have given Sema substantial new resources and know how in the fixed telephone market. A recent acquisition spree has brought not only Telis, but British Rail's business services arm and a majority stake in Olivetti's Sytax processing unit into Sema's fold. The first two are expected to add million stg to group turnover in . Sema, which is quoted on the London and Paris stock exchanges, earlier reported a percent rise in annual year pre tax profits to million stg on sales of million stg a rise of percent. Organic growth rose a sharp percent and its order book jumped percent to . billion pounds. But Bessis said she expected average annual growth of around percent from all businesses, including the slower technology arm which includes control and command systems for the Royal Navy. Sema's telecoms systems business saw percent growth and its business systems, which includes the high margin outsourcing and systems integrations operations, saw percent growth over the year, Bessis said. The company, whose shares have surged from p to pence over the year, was one of the best performers on the stock exchange last year. And Sema says it is unconcerned at its soaring price earnings ratio of around times which could make the shares look expensive. It's a good sector and it's a company which is growing spectacularly, Bessis said. We've had five years of tremendous results not just one year. But the shares slipped . p to . p by GMT. Double digit compound growth is expected to be fuelled by the vast workload as companies prepare computer systems for European Monetary Union and what has been dubbed the millenium problem adjusting computers to handle dates from . The bill for these preparations has been tipped by consultants and analysts to be anything from billion pounds. London Newsroom 