U.S. local telecoms company Ameritech Corp said on Friday that it was in merger or acquisition talks with several European security monitoring firms worth million each. There are some serious negotiations going on, Ameritech's international affairs director Dennis LaComb told Reuters. Chicago based Ameritech hopes to double its current . billion European investments over the next few years, said LaComb, who was in London until Saturday on a courtesy visit . The majority of our investment internationally is in Europe. This is a very important area for us, he said. Over the past six years, the so called Baby Bell which was spun off from U.S. telecoms giant AT amp T Corp in has taken stakes in privatisations abroad in countries such as Hungary and New Zealand. The group has what it calls a conservative approach of focused and disciplined investment. LaComb said that security monitoring such as using telephone lines to link up customers' home alarm systems to police stations was also a natural business direction for the . billion telecoms group to take. Ameritech, which is facing its first taste of competition in its local market in the U.S. upper Midwest, is America's second biggest security monitoring group and hopes to become the pan European market leader. The first deals are likely to be struck in Germany and France, although the company said it was also looking at firms in Scandinavia and was considering Britain. Some analysts warn that competition in the local U.S. phone markets coupled with a regulatory delay in allowing Regional Bell Operating Companies RBOCs , or Baby Bells , to branch out into the long distance American market does not bode well for shareholder value. As long distance and other telecoms rivals invade RBOCs' territories and fat margins, brokers such as Salomon Brothers see the former monopolies losing at least percent of their market where they used to earn percent cash flow margins. These could fall to percent, they say. Unlike some of its sister Baby Bells, Ameritech has no current designs on becoming a global telecoms player. Instead, it wants to focus its international strategy on regional telecoms, communications such as alarm systems and exporting its knowledge of customer services and of operating in competitive markets to telecoms firms, such as Portugal Telecom SA, that are standing on the privatisation launchpad. Ameritech's European ventures so far include stakes in Telecom Corporation of New Zealand, a local, long distance and cellular phone and satellite television service provider, Poland's Polska Telefonia Komorkowa and Norway's NetCom GSM, two cellular telephone operators. It has partnered with Deutsche Telekom AG to take a stake in Hungary's incumbent Matav Rt telecoms operator and also holds a stake in Belgacom, the Belgium national operator. International investments also include a joint venture in China's regional cellular operator ChinaCom. London Newsroom 