One One, the British mobile telephone company jointly owned by Cable and Wireless Plc and U S West Inc, said on Thursday that it was not in talks about joining Cable and Wireless Communications. Analysts have speculated that the digital cellular company may join CWC, Britain's biggest telephone and television cable company formed by the merger of C amp W's Mercury 'phone unit with the three British cable divisions of NYNEX Corp, Bell Cablemedia Plc. Such a deal would involve U S West selling its percent stake in One One, because the U.S. company is also a major shareholder in CWC's main cable rival Telewest Communications Plc. But One One's managing director Jan Peters told reporters at a business briefing There are no plans to do that and no negotiations to do that. Peters said both investors were very committed to One One, adding that the cellular company could reap synergies from striking distribution, marketing and packaging deals with both CWC and Telewest, which would not involve any structural changes to the companies. Other future joint deals might also involve CWC or Telewest buying airtime from One One and using it for their own packages and brands. We're working with both of them, looking at the options, Peters said. One One which has shown marked recovery from a lack of network coverage and what critics described as poor marketing was unveiling four, new customer packages designed to expand its business by broadening its appeal. Available from June , the new time plan deals called One Weekend, One , One and One offer either up to minutes of free voice, fax or data calls nationally or unlimited free weekend local calls. Monthly service charges from . stg for One Weekend to stg for One compare favourably with similar packages offered by rivals Cellnet Orange Plc and Vodafone Group Plc. But Peters said the new launches were not part of a new price war in an increasingly competitive market, but rather a move to improve packaging to reduce customer confusion amid a myriad of different package offerings. One One, one of Britain's newest cellular operators that was launched in September , has won , customers and captured around . percent of the national mobile market. The company, which has doubled year on year growth and revenues, said key annualised revenues per subscriber were tracking rivals at around stg compared to Orange's stg, Cellnet's stg and Vodafone's . Total capital expenditure of million stg is planned to March and national coverage should be boosted from a current percent to percent of the population by the end of this year. One One's losses widenden to million stg last year as it rolled out its network. But the company said it was on track to break even on the operating cash level in . London Newsroom 