Microsoft Corp. reported better than expected profits for the latest quarter Monday as strong demand for its Windows operating systems and applications helped fuel record sales. The computer software giant said earnings rose percent to a record million, or cents a share, in its fiscal first quarter ended Sept. , from million, or cents a share, in the quarter. Revenues jumped percent to . billion from . billion. The profits, announced after the market closed, exceeded the Wall Street consensus expectation of cents a share, and Microsoft shares rose to . in after hours trading from the earlier close of on Nasdaq. Treasurer Greg Maffei said the percent revenue increase was the smallest ever posted in the company's year history, reflecting a surge in sales last year when Microsoft launched its Windows operating system. But with the high sales, marketing and manufacturing costs of Windows also behind it, the company's operating profit margin surged to a record . percent of revenues, compared with about . percent a year earlier, said analyst Scott McAdams of Ragen MacKenzie. It looks like it was just a great quarter, and there's more to come, he said. Microsoft executives said in a conference call with analysts that business would continue to be boosted by an expected holiday surge in sales of personal computers and the December release of Office , an update to the company's business applications product. Microsoft Chief Financial Officer Mike Brown said he expected revenues to rise sequentially over the next two quarters and indicated revenue for the current quarter could be in the range of . billion, about percent over last year's levels. But he said the company's cost of goods sold should remain at about percent of sales, compared with percent in last year's second quarter. I'm very happy with the general revenue trend, and I was very pleased with the pattern of costs in the quarter, Brown said in an interview. Microsoft also cited strong acceptance of the company's high end Windows NT operating system. Maffei said sales of the NT workstation were up percent over year ago levels, while revenues from the BackOffice suite of server products doubled. Officials declined to give figures, but the BackOffice line currently generates about billion in annual revenue. Microsoft's overall revenues are about evenly divided between operating systems most of which are shipped loaded on new computers and applications. Excluding sales directly to manufacturers, European revenues were flat in the quarter compared with the year earlier period, and revenues in the United States and Europe rose percent, reflecting the tough comparison. But revenues from other markets such as Japan, where Windows was not released until later, were up percent, Microsoft said. Overall last year Microsoft revenues and profits grew percent, driven largely by the Windows launch. Brown also said the company was on track to spend . billion on research and development in the current fiscal year, including such ventures as its MSNBC cable and Internet news venture with NBC. And the unearned revenue in the company's balance sheet from cyclical products such as Windows grew to million as of Sept. from million three months earlier. The company's cash hoard grew slightly to . billion from . billion. 