Microsoft Corp expects desktop applications led by its Office suite to bring in about billion in revenues in the current fiscal year ending June , an executive said in an interview. Richard Fade, vice president in charge of the desktop applications division, also said in the interview he expected to percent of users to upgrade to the new Office version, although he declined to project a timeframe. Office has an installed base of some million customers, and another million use its component applications such as Word and Excel, which also are being upgraded. Analysts estimate the software giant will post overall revenues of slightly more than billion this year, up from . billion in fiscal . With an expected spike in sales driven by Office , the productivity applications alone could account for billion, analysts say. Office is a huge release for us, Fade said. It's probably the most significant thing aside from the browser work that we've done since the simultaneous introduction of Office and Windows a little more than a year ago, he said. Fade said hundreds of person years went into the new release, in the works since late . He said virtually the entire Office division of nearly , people had been working on the product since August . In addition to a new information management system called Outlook, the product includes better integration of applications and better compatibility with the Internet. Fade said Microsoft plans to target different user types through four separate packages of the Office components and other Microsoft applications. Office standard and professional versions will be available widely Thursday, while versions for small businesses and home users will be out within two months. Fade expressed skepticism that an alliance of Corel Corp and Netscape Communications Corp announced this week would be able to achieve the tight integration of the Office suite. But he said the plan by the two companies is an indication of the continuing tough competition in a category Microsoft has dominated for several years. It's a very competitive, alive category, Fade said. Reuters Seattle bureau 