Microsoft Corp. is expected to report modest earnings growth for the latest quarter Friday despite tough comparisons with the year earlier period and a sales slowdown ahead of an upgrade of a popular software package. Industry analysts surveyed by First Call on average expect Microsoft to report earnings of cents a share for its second quarter ended on Dec. , up about percent from the cents a share reported a year earlier. Sales are expected to rise about percent to more than . billion. Analysts consider that a strong performance against tough comparisons with the year earlier period, the first full quarter of availability for the Windows operating system. In the second quarter sales soared percent and net income jumped percent. These guys are just incredibly strong now, said Rob Owens of Pacific Crest Securities in Portland, Ore. They'll probably meet or beat Wall Street's estimate again. Investors will have all weekend to analyse the results, which are due to be released after the close of trading Friday. Microsoft executives originally had scheduled the release for Thursday but decided to delay the report until a day after an event publicising the launch of Office , its best selling package of business software. Analysts estimated that revenues of Office and its component applications account for up to percent of Microsoft's total, but the figure will be lower for the quarter just ended because of the impending upgrade. For much of the quarter Microsoft offered Office buyers coupons good for a free upgrade, which will result in some revenues being deferred into future reporting periods. But strong growth in personal computer sales and in acceptance of Microsoft's high end Windows NT operating system continue to buoy the company's profits. The ongoing strength of the NT cycle is what's carrying the day, said Chris Galvin of Hambrecht amp Quist. Countervailing that is the tough comparison last year with the Windows release, so it's a mixed scenario. Owen said that while sales of PCs to consumers were sluggish in the latest quarter, declining prices and increased processing power had sparked a new wave of corporate buying. He said percent or fewer of corporate desktops have made the transition to the Windows or Windows NT systems. That's a tremendous opportunity for Microsoft, he said. 