Forestry giant Weyerhaeuser Co. Wednesday reported sharply lower fourth quarter earnings, capping a year of mixed results dragged down by pulp and paper prices. Several other timber industry companies also reported comparatively weak fourth quarter results blamed on poor market conditions. For the fourth quarter Weyerhaeuser posted earnings of million or cents a share, compared with million or . a share a year earlier. Revenues in the quarter fell to . billion from . billion. The earnings figure was above the Wall Street consensus of cents a share mainly because of strong operating earnings in the company's real estate business, analysts said. But Weyerhaeuser closed off at . on the New York Stock Exchange. For the year Weyerhaeuser, based in Federal Way, Wash., reported net income of million or . a share, down from million or . a share before a special charge in . Revenues for the year fell to . billion from . billion. was a year of mixed results, said John Creighton, Weyerhaeuser president and chief executive officer, who cited lower pulp and paper prices but solid demand for wood products in the United States and Japan. Pulp and paper operating earnings for the year fell to million from a record . billion in . Earnings from timberlands and wood products were virtually flat at million, compared with million. Portland, Ore. based Louisiana Pacific Corp. reported a net loss for the fourth quarter of . million, or cents a share, on sales of million, compared with net income of . million or cents a share on sales of . million a year earlier. For the year the company reported a net loss of million, or . a share, blamed mainly on a pre tax charge of million for the closing of its pulp mill in Ketchikan, Alaska. In the company had a loss of . million or cents a share including a pretax charge of . million mainly to account for the settlement of class action lawsuits over the company's siding. Louisiana Pacific chairman and chief executive officer Mark Suwyn said the company had resolved key legal and organizational issues in but still faced an oversupply in the market for its key product of oriented strand board, used in building. Louisiana Pacific stock closed up cents at . Clayton, Mo. based Jefferson Smurfit Corp. posted net income of million, or cents a share, for the fourth quarter, down from million, or cents a share, a year earlier. Sales for the quarter were million, compared with million. For the full year the company earned million, or . a share, compared with million, or . a share. Sales fell to . billion from . billion in . Company president and chief executive officer Richard Graham said inventories in containerboard and newsprint have declined steadily over the past several months, promising some relief to the weak pricing environment. Given continued economic expansion, we could see a recovery in the company's principal markets during the second half of , he said. Jefferson Smurfit fell . cents to close at . on Nasdaq. 